---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-10-01"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Dale Hoffman, IBM (DH)

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE (BG)

Mike Friesenegger, SUSE (MF)

Scott Fagen, CA (SF)

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

JM opened the call at 12:01pm ET.

Each member introduced themselves

JM, Senior Program Manager for the Linux Foundation, helping Scott
Nicholas running day-to-day operations of the Open Mainframe Project

DH, responsible for BD and strategy for ecosystem on Linux on IBM System
Z

MM, CTO for Linux everywhere strategy for Linux on IBM System Z

SF, CA's mainframe CTO and architect

BG, runs mainframe for SUSE, also in charge of training

MF, SUSE technical architect for System Z, works with the IBM teams
extensively

JM posed the question around a chair election, to follow up via email on
a proposal. Rough plan was a 7 day nomination period, followed by a 7
day election period.

Question came up around ADP not being a part of the TSC, and JM found
out that ADP has not formally joined the Open Mainframe Project. SF
advised that we should find out the timing of that before proceeding
with a chair election. DH, BG, MF, and MM agreed.

DH led the discussion on the goals and topics of the group. DH's belief
was that many don't know what all can be done with Linux on System Z.
DH's said the group should focus on two questions, (1) How can this
group proliferate the Linux on System Z message and (2) address the
current misconception of mainframe only being suitable for legacy apps.

SF said he sees an internship program as a way to get students engaged.
DH said he sees SF's point, his primary concern was business use-cases
but agrees on students being a key. SF said they key thing was to make
the work demonstrable.

MM said he'd like to see people to internalize the value of Linux on
System Z. MM sees many approaches to this, both finding and prioritizing
ideas and methods for using Linux on System Z, as well as engaging the
various software stack communities to ensure those apps can run using
Linux on System Z.

DH suggested the group brainstorm on ideas, and come up with a list of
the top 10 ways mainframe can influence your life and work.

MF spoke from his sales engineering background, and sees both community
and business engagement as key to growth. MF proposed the group focus on
three key audiences: Students (with Training), Business (direct customer
engagement), and Community (projects to help apps run on Linux on System
Z). DH and SF agreed.

BG mentioned that often mainframes seem expensive compared to commodity
hardware, but don't realize you get much more in a mainframe for the
cost ( you can have a whole datacenter of commodity hardware in a single
mainframe ). BG said it would be good to be able to talk about the
advantages of mainframe, and have a certification process for apps.

SF cautioned the group on putting too much emphasis on the distinctions
between Linux and Linux on System Z, can be more of disservice. MM said
IBM tries to eliminate these distinctions, changing branding from Z
Linux to Linux on System Z, which helps enforce this.

SF sees the projects of running/validating/fixing apps to run on Linux
on System Z as a good internship project. SF said the focus overall
should be less on the differences, but recognize while the hardware is
different, otherwise all else is the same. DH said that IBM makes
available hardware at Marist and Syracuse Universities currently, with
universities in Germany and China to have this soon for student access
as well.

SF said being able to get console access, much like how students can
with VMware, is key. MF said the community focus on the dev side and ops
side of the house is important. MM said he needs to think about how to
do this. SF said app dev is less of an issue, but ops is.

MM said the goal should be to prove capabilities, and that Linux is
Linux is Linux no matter what hardware it's running on. MM said the
group should think about things more from a dev ops perspective. SF said
the group should focus on getting things that should work on Linux on
System Z working. SF this will eliminate objections to get discussions
moving forward. MM mentioned that often people think even Java doesn't
run on Linux on System Z. MM agreed on dev ops focus.

JM stated the goals as he heard them was:

Identify and eliminate objections to mainframe and Linux on System Z

Create more awareness of mainframe and Linux on System Z

Audiences are Students, Companies, and Open source project communities.

MM, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed.

MM said he'd like other members of the group to commit their hardware
resources as well, and it not all be IBM. SF said he would.

JM talked about the internship options. MM mentioned another option
being a bounty source program, and DH asked if this is something the LF
could sponsor or advertise.

MM likes the idea of GSoC, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed. JM to follow
up with more details to the group for the next meeting.

JM asked about meeting cadence. MM, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed that
every two weeks is good for now. DH also suggested we look into
conference meetups if everything aligns. JM to send out recurring invite
for every other Thursdays at 12:15p -- 1:00pm ET invite for group
starting October 15^th^.

Meeting ended at 1:00pm ET.
