---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-10-01"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Dale Hoffman, IBM (DH)

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE (BG)

Mike Friesenegger, SUSE (MF)

Scott Fagen, CA (SF)

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

JM opened the call at 12:01pm ET.

Each member introduced themselves

JM, Senior Program Manager for the Linux Foundation, helping Scott
Nicholas running day-to-day operations of the Open Mainframe Project

DH, responsible for BD and strategy for ecosystem on Linux on IBM System
Z

MM, CTO for Linux everywhere strategy for Linux on IBM System Z

SF, CA's mainframe CTO and architect

BG, runs mainframe for SUSE, also in charge of training

MF, SUSE technical architect for System Z, works with the IBM teams
extensively

JM posed the question around a chair election, to follow up via email on
a proposal. Rough plan was a 7 day nomination period, followed by a 7
day election period.

Question came up around ADP not being a part of the TSC, and JM found
out that ADP has not formally joined the Open Mainframe Project. SF
advised that we should find out the timing of that before proceeding
with a chair election. DH, BG, MF, and MM agreed.

DH led the discussion on the goals and topics of the group. DH's belief
was that many don't know what all can be done with Linux on System Z.
DH's said the group should focus on two questions, (1) How can this
group proliferate the Linux on System Z message and (2) address the
current misconception of mainframe only being suitable for legacy apps.

SF said he sees an internship program as a way to get students engaged.
DH said he sees SF's point, his primary concern was business use-cases
but agrees on students being a key. SF said they key thing was to make
the work demonstrable.

MM said he'd like to see people to internalize the value of Linux on
System Z. MM sees many approaches to this, both finding and prioritizing
ideas and methods for using Linux on System Z, as well as engaging the
various software stack communities to ensure those apps can run using
Linux on System Z.

DH suggested the group brainstorm on ideas, and come up with a list of
the top 10 ways mainframe can influence your life and work.

MF spoke from his sales engineering background, and sees both community
and business engagement as key to growth. MF proposed the group focus on
three key audiences: Students (with Training), Business (direct customer
engagement), and Community (projects to help apps run on Linux on System
Z). DH and SF agreed.

BG mentioned that often mainframes seem expensive compared to commodity
hardware, but don't realize you get much more in a mainframe for the
cost ( you can have a whole datacenter of commodity hardware in a single
mainframe ). BG said it would be good to be able to talk about the
advantages of mainframe, and have a certification process for apps.

SF cautioned the group on putting too much emphasis on the distinctions
between Linux and Linux on System Z, can be more of disservice. MM said
IBM tries to eliminate these distinctions, changing branding from Z
Linux to Linux on System Z, which helps enforce this.

SF sees the projects of running/validating/fixing apps to run on Linux
on System Z as a good internship project. SF said the focus overall
should be less on the differences, but recognize while the hardware is
different, otherwise all else is the same. DH said that IBM makes
available hardware at Marist and Syracuse Universities currently, with
universities in Germany and China to have this soon for student access
as well.

SF said being able to get console access, much like how students can
with VMware, is key. MF said the community focus on the dev side and ops
side of the house is important. MM said he needs to think about how to
do this. SF said app dev is less of an issue, but ops is.

MM said the goal should be to prove capabilities, and that Linux is
Linux is Linux no matter what hardware it's running on. MM said the
group should think about things more from a dev ops perspective. SF said
the group should focus on getting things that should work on Linux on
System Z working. SF this will eliminate objections to get discussions
moving forward. MM mentioned that often people think even Java doesn't
run on Linux on System Z. MM agreed on dev ops focus.

JM stated the goals as he heard them was:

Identify and eliminate objections to mainframe and Linux on System Z

Create more awareness of mainframe and Linux on System Z

Audiences are Students, Companies, and Open source project communities.

MM, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed.

MM said he'd like other members of the group to commit their hardware
resources as well, and it not all be IBM. SF said he would.

JM talked about the internship options. MM mentioned another option
being a bounty source program, and DH asked if this is something the LF
could sponsor or advertise.

MM likes the idea of GSoC, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed. JM to follow
up with more details to the group for the next meeting.

JM asked about meeting cadence. MM, DH, BG, SF, and MF all agreed that
every two weeks is good for now. DH also suggested we look into
conference meetups if everything aligns. JM to send out recurring invite
for every other Thursdays at 12:15p -- 1:00pm ET invite for group
starting October 15^th^.

Meeting ended at 1:00pm ET.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-10-28"
---

Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Mike Friesenegger, SUSE (MF)

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

John M opened the call at 12:01pm ET.

-Â Marcel would like to talk about how we could evangelize projects and
move actions forward.

\- Mike F felt we need to spend time aligning on objectives and goals of
the group.

\- Marcel thought the high level mission is promoting Linux on System Z.
Didn't think the goal was the end all of evangelizing System Z.

\- John M reviewed the goals and audiences agreed upon last meeting.

\- Mike F asked we make a slide for this and review before each meeting

\- Marcel worried that there isn't a bridge from the broad statement to
something tactical.

\- Mike F said we should start working on getting the contributions and
engagement going.

\- Marcel worried that we are putting too much scope in the work of the
TSC

\- John M stated the TSC responsibilities as in the charter.

\- Marcel agreed that we should focus there

\- Mike F said focusing towards contributors is a good first step

\- Marcel said we should define a set of core projects we should start
focus

\- John said we've had over 80 inquiries to date

\- Marcel will send out a note to the group to help define these.

\- Mike F mentioned that Berthold had concerns GSoC participation, as
OpenSUSE has had issues with getting accepted in the past.

\- John said he would wait for TSC to define core projects and how to
engage before responding to contribution requests.

\- John said the TSC still has many members to seat (ADP, project
maintainers ) but should sit an interim chair to conduct business. Said
he would kick the thread out over email and we could discuss at the next
TSC meeting

Projects being discussed to be a part of core

\- OpenJDK ( Marcel )

\- IBM DW led projects around dev infrastructure and language,
transition from IBM DW to Open Mainframe Project ( Docker? Go? )

--- Marcel said less transition, but more have Open Mainframe Project
representation in IBM DW.

--- Docker hub based images for System Z?

\- Openstack

\- SUSE based System Z distro?

Meeting ended at 1:00pm ET.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-11-12"
---

Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Scott Fagen, CA (SF) \*

Phil Tully, ADP (PT) \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE (BG) \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

Dale Hoffman, IBM (DH) \*

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

JM opened the meeting at 12:28pm

JM welcomes PT to the group.

JM restated the TSC objectives as stated in the charter. PT asked if we
could share the Charter with the group. JM said he would. PT asked if we
could also have a space to share current documents, JM said he would
check to see if the LF could provide a wiki and the costs, will follow
up.

JM presented the topics for today's call. BH asked a question around
approaching academic institutions, MM said we should focus on build a
list of technologies to focus on.

JM asked if we could make decision for chairperson. All agreed that we
should focus on an interim chairperson for now, DH asked for it not to
be IBM. Everyone agreed PT should do it.

SF nominated

DH seconded

All voted for it.

Phil is now Interim Chairperson

JM introduced the topic of determining projects to focus on, introduced
MM to lead the discussion. MM opened the discussion, JM reminded the
group of the topics discussed...

-   OpenJDK

-   Docker

-   OpenStack

-   SUSE based System Z distro

PT said having no presence on SUSE is hurting adoption, so it should be
a priority. SF asked what made distros a priority. MM said having an
image on Docker hub made getting up and going quickly much easier. SF
said it sounds like devs like to avoid ops, MM said it's less about
avoiding, more about engaging the larger community much easier. BG said
there is internal SUSE discussions around adding distro support,
challenge is it would be slow to build it out, but it could put pressure
on hardware partners as well. PT said they would love OpenSUSE in the
lab environment, when it rolls into production in 6 months it will lock
down.

ACTION item: BG said he will report back on status at next meeting

DH said at SUSEcon they chatted about how could they move open source
products at IBM into OpenSUSE. Working to setup a workshop 1^st^ or
2^nd^ week of December to layout that foundation. Could bring output of
what they talk about into this session. MM said they also have traction
with ClefOS image in Docker hub, will happen with Ubuntu once it hits
the street. BG said this is something he believes we can make happen.
May have challenge with mainframe due to lack of CPU power, MM said
let's start with SUSE and go from there.

MM said goal of point 2 is to build Docker hub images of OpenSUSE. Very
important for SUSE to put a base image on Docker hub. BG said there are
some things to work through, but he would report back on next steps. DH
said this is part of the workshop. BG and PT all agreed this should
work.

JM asked if we should wait till the next meeting for output of the
workshops for next steps; all agreed.

JM said let's continue conversation over email. MM said he would like
others to bring to the table.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-12-10"
---

Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE (BG) \*

Phil Tully, ADP (PT) \*

Scott Fagen, CA (SF) \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

Anuja Deedwaniya, IBM (AD)

Mike Friesenegger, SUSE (MF)

Cameron Seay, NC A&T State University (CS)

Joe Aho, Compuware (JA)

John Jones, ECU (JJ)

Larry Strickland, DataKinetics (LS)

Glenn Everitt, Compuware (GE)

Len Santalucia, Vicom (LS)

Galina Gorelik, IBM (GG)

Alan Warhurst, BMC (AW)

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 12:21pm, welcoming the larger audience
invited to help drive more technical direction and discussion within the
TSC. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

\- Welcome

\- Review of Internship proposal

\- Presentation by Anuja of IBM of the proposed code contribution.

\- Review of other TSC proposed projects.

Mr. Tully asked the group if they were opening to changing the starting
time of the meeting to 1:00pm ET for future meetings, helping him
accommodate another meeting that also falls at the same time. Mr.
Santalucia, Mr. Mitran, Mr. Fagen agreed with the change. Mr. Mertic
took an action item to change the re-occurring meeting invite and cancel
the meeting scheduled for December 24^th^, 2015.

**Internship Program Proposal**

Mr. Mertic then discussed the internship program proposal, circulated
with the group via email prior to the meeting. Mr. Gunreben said he
briefly looked at the summer internship program proposal, but needs more
time to review it. Mr. Tully expressed concern that students could pick
projects that the TSC may not be focused on. Mr. Mertic replied that
typically students will choose projects on the "Project Ideas" list, but
leaving it open for new ideas often helped with engagement. Mr. Mertic
explained that the proposal review process allows the Open Mainframe
Project to work with the students proposing internship projects to
ensure it is something that interests the students and is in the best
interest of the project.

Mr. Mertic then indicated that we need to have the plan completed and
ready to present to the Governing Board in January. Mr. Mertic indicated
that in addition to this proposal being completed, the following items
need addressed.

-   An administrator to run the program.

-   Mentors identified that can work with the interns ( 1 to 1 ratio of
    mentors to interns ),

-   A list of project ideas for the students to draw from.

Mr. Fagen asked about the type of person that would be good for a
mentorship role. Mr. Mertic indicated that this would be someone
technical who could guide the intern to ensure they could complete the
project. Mr. Tully asked if the mentor must be on the TSC, to which Mr.
Mertic said that they can be from anywhere in the member company's
organization.

**Review of proposed IBM code contribution**

Mr. Mertic introduced Ms. Deedwaniya to provide an overview of the
announced code contribution made at LinuxCON in August to the Open
Mainframe Project, for the TSC to review.

Ms. Deedwaniya reviewed a deck outlining the contribution, which is the
zAware Log Analytics tool. Mr. Mertic indicated that acceptance of this
code contribution will require a waiver approval from the Governing
Board first, as it is under a GPLv3 license while the charter requires
all non-kernel contributions to be licensed under the Apache license.
Ms. Deedwaniya indicated that the intention was to align the acceptance
of the code contribution alongside other LinuxONE announcements at IBM
Interconnect in February.

Mr. Aho asked about the size of the code base; Ms. Deedwaniya was unsure
and said she would check and get back to the group with an update. Mr.
Aho further asked about the current state of the code; Ms. Deedwaniya
said that there is some testing and validation work to be done, along
with the completion of the internal IBM processes for code
contributions.

Mr. Everitt asked if IBM was going to retain copyright ownership of the
codebase, or if that would be given to the Open Mainframe Project as
well. Ms. Deedwaniya said there needs to be clarification on that. Ms.
Deedwaniya asked if there were considerations for giving the copyright
to the Open Mainframe Project versus IBM retaining this. Mr. Everitt
said it helps guide the license used for the code. Ms. Deedwaniya said
they were reviewing the copyright contribution still.

Mr. Mertic indicated that next steps were for the TSC to review this
contribution, and discuss it in more depth at the January 7^th^, 2016
TSC meeting.

**Review of TSC proposed projects**

Mr. Mertic asked Mr. Mitran to walk through proposed projects listed on
the wiki, as shown below.

1.  develop a JIT for OpenJDK - multiplicative effect of enabling a lot
    of other projects that depend on OpenJDK

2.  build up the docker-hub content for Linux on z (ClefOS, OpenSUSE,
    Ubuntu... )

3.  enhance Docker to exploit LoZ capabilities/scale

4.  Open Banking Project (https://openbankproject.com/)

5.  Open Managed Runtime project - python and/or Ruby acceleration
    (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnyJurioyw)

6.  Blockchain performance (https://www.ethereum.org/)

7.  Develop a reference micro-service architecture on LoZ

8.  NetFlix services running on LinuxONE
    (http://www.infoq.com/news/2015/11/pivotal-cloud-foundry-netflix)

9.  Port Walmart\'s OneOps PaaS to Linux on z
    (http://siliconangle.com/blog/2015/10/15/walmart-open-sources-its-internal-paas-to-stick-it-to-amazon/
    http://techcrunch.com/2013/05/14/walmartlabs-acquires-cloud-computing-startup-oneops-delicious-founders-tasty-labs/)

After Mr. Mitran reviewed the above list, Mr. Fagen indicated that he
added another item on the list during Mr. Mitran's presentation.

10. Assess and certify(?) popular Linux monitoring tools for z Systems
    (e.g.
    http://www.infoworld.com/article/2683857/network-monitoring/article.html,
    https://blog.serverdensity.com/80-linux-monitoring-tools-know/)

Mr. Seay asked about integration of these project with the internship
program. Mr. Mitran said this one way to do this, not per say the only
way. Mr. Mitran said he would like to see within working going on in
each other's organizations, as well as engage with other communities to
work together.

Mr. Mertic mentioned that with focus on containerization and Docker
amongst the items above, we might want to consider engaging the Open
Container Project. Mr. Tully advised the group that this is the first
true list the group pulled together, and should spend sometime scoping
out these items in more detail. Mr. Tully further said that focusing on
Docker would be good for ADP specifically.

Mr. Mitran agreed with Mr. Tully that the TSC needs to whittle down and
scope out the list a bit more. Mr. Mertic said that he could open the
tsc@ mailing list to all technical interested parties, which could help
with getting the larger group engaged. All in attendance agreed.

Mr. Mitran said a dependency for Docker support is having an OpenSUSE
distro image to use for Docker, as right now ClefOS is only current
option and not ideal.

Mr. Tully mentioned that there was discussion about an OpenSUSE distro
at the last TSC meeting. Mr. Gunreben said he followed up internally at
SUSE after the last meeting, and reported that there was no issue in
principle in providing an OpenSUSE distro for System Z, but the
challenge is that they don't have a mainframe powerful enough to
compile. Mr. Gunreben said would look to package a subset of packages
for the time being, but long term need to partner with another
organization for the infrastructure. Mr. Mitran asked if LinuxOne would
help, Mr. Gunreben said it would. Mr. Mitran asked for next steps, Mr.
Gunreben said he needed build power. Mr. Tully said he had capacity, but
can't get Mr. Gunreben access. Mr. Seay said he has some boxes, not sure
if he has what Mr. Gunreben needs. Mr. Seay also indicated that Syracuse
University does have boxes potentially, or perhaps IBM might have some
other academic project boxes available for use. Mr. Gunreben said he
would look into these options and report back to the group at the next
meeting.

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for January 7^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:16pm Eastern Time.
