---
parent: Meetings
title: "2015-11-12"
---

Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation (JM)

Scott Fagen, CA (SF) \*

Phil Tully, ADP (PT) \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE (BG) \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM (MM)

Dale Hoffman, IBM (DH) \*

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

JM opened the meeting at 12:28pm

JM welcomes PT to the group.

JM restated the TSC objectives as stated in the charter. PT asked if we
could share the Charter with the group. JM said he would. PT asked if we
could also have a space to share current documents, JM said he would
check to see if the LF could provide a wiki and the costs, will follow
up.

JM presented the topics for today's call. BH asked a question around
approaching academic institutions, MM said we should focus on build a
list of technologies to focus on.

JM asked if we could make decision for chairperson. All agreed that we
should focus on an interim chairperson for now, DH asked for it not to
be IBM. Everyone agreed PT should do it.

SF nominated

DH seconded

All voted for it.

Phil is now Interim Chairperson

JM introduced the topic of determining projects to focus on, introduced
MM to lead the discussion. MM opened the discussion, JM reminded the
group of the topics discussed...

-   OpenJDK

-   Docker

-   OpenStack

-   SUSE based System Z distro

PT said having no presence on SUSE is hurting adoption, so it should be
a priority. SF asked what made distros a priority. MM said having an
image on Docker hub made getting up and going quickly much easier. SF
said it sounds like devs like to avoid ops, MM said it's less about
avoiding, more about engaging the larger community much easier. BG said
there is internal SUSE discussions around adding distro support,
challenge is it would be slow to build it out, but it could put pressure
on hardware partners as well. PT said they would love OpenSUSE in the
lab environment, when it rolls into production in 6 months it will lock
down.

ACTION item: BG said he will report back on status at next meeting

DH said at SUSEcon they chatted about how could they move open source
products at IBM into OpenSUSE. Working to setup a workshop 1^st^ or
2^nd^ week of December to layout that foundation. Could bring output of
what they talk about into this session. MM said they also have traction
with ClefOS image in Docker hub, will happen with Ubuntu once it hits
the street. BG said this is something he believes we can make happen.
May have challenge with mainframe due to lack of CPU power, MM said
let's start with SUSE and go from there.

MM said goal of point 2 is to build Docker hub images of OpenSUSE. Very
important for SUSE to put a base image on Docker hub. BG said there are
some things to work through, but he would report back on next steps. DH
said this is part of the workshop. BG and PT all agreed this should
work.

JM asked if we should wait till the next meeting for output of the
workshops for next steps; all agreed.

JM said let's continue conversation over email. MM said he would like
others to bring to the table.
