---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-05-12"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

James Caffrey, IBM \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire \*

John Crossno, Compuware

Cameron Seay, NC State A&T

Harry Williams, Marist College

Neale Fergusson, Sine Nomine Associates

Marcel Mitran, IBM

Voting members not in attendance:

(none)

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:03pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Internship update (Herb)

\- Open Source on Mainframe update (Neale/Daniel)

\- ADE project update (James)

\- OpenSUSE update (Berthold)

**Internship update**

Mr. Daly said we have 7 interns; program starts formally shortly. Mr.
Mertic thanked everyone for their support. Mr. Daly has helped get the
interns prepared for working with the mentors. Mr. Daly is quite pleased
with the candidates and excited to get things going.

**Open Source on Mainframe update**

Mr. Ferguson said IBM brought forward a tool that could potentially
solve the use-cases, waiting for update from IBM on next steps.

*Mr. Fagen joined the call at 1:10pm ET.*

**ADE project update**

Mr. Caffrey provided update on the project, 1.0.1 was released. Next
release will be 1.0.2, with the focus on reducing SQL costs and improved
visualizations. Mr. Caffrey said they are getting 5-10 clones a week.
Plans to present ADE to Marist College during conference in June.

**OpenSUSE update**

Mr. Gunreben said that there are now public s390x packages being built
for OpenSUSE. Mr. Gunreben detailed some of the work done and future
plans for support. All in attendance were pleased to hear this and
thanked him for all the work done.

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for June 9^th^, 2016 at 1:00pm
Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:26pm Eastern Time.
