---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-02-04"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Harry Williams, Marist College

Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine

David Rossi, IBM

Ros Schulman, HDS

Glenn Everitt, Compuware

Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity

Cameron Seay, NC State A&T

Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

Marcel Mitran, IBM

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- TSC Projects ( please be prepared to provide updates on the discovery
work done on the projects you agreed to review and provide more detail
on )

\- Identifying members who can mentor interns

Mr. Mertic acknowledged that there was not a quorum of TSC voting
members for this call.

**TSC Projects review**

Mr. Mertic asked the group to re-review the project list
(<https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/tsc/projectplanning?rev=1452175842>
)

1.  Develop a JIT for OpenJDK ( Dale Hoffman )

Mr. Hoffman was looking at leveraging bounty source for driving this
effort, he's still working to determine if this can be funded. Mr.
Mertic asked if this should continue to be a TSC project if it's not
funded; Mr. Hoffman said it should.

*Mr. Mitran joined the call at 1:14pm ET*

2.  Docker -- ( Marcel Mitran / Dale Hoffman )

    a.  Build up the docker-hub content for Linux on z (ClefOS,
        OpenSUSE, Ubuntu... )

    b.  Enhance Docker to exploit LoZ capabilities/scale

    c.  Develop a reference micro-service architecture on LoZ

Mr. Hoffman had no updates here. Mr. Mertic to work with Mr. Hoffman and
Mr. Mitran on building this into an actionable project list.

3.  Assess and certify(?) popular Linux management tools for z Systems
    (e.g.
    http://www.infoworld.com/article/2683857/network-monitoring/article.html,
    <https://blog.serverdensity.com/80-linux-monitoring-tools-know/)> (
    Scott Fagen )

Mr. Mertic to follow up with Mr. Fagen on this

4.  Blockchain performance (<https://www.ethereum.org/)> - ( Phil Tully
    / Len Santalucia )

Mr. Santalucia said Mr. Tully was approaching his business arm to see if
there was work going on with Blockchain, no updates from them.

Mr. Gunreben said he would like to give an overview of how the OpenSUSE
build system works, and asked for 15-20 minutes of the next meeting to
cover it. Mr. Mertic said he would add it to the next meeting agenda.

**Identifying members who can mentor interns**

Mr. Mertic asked if there were members that were interested in providing
mentors to work with students on the internship projects. The following
organizations indicated that they could provide mentors:

-   Vicom Infinity

-   IBM

-   SUSE

Mr. Seay asked if he could reach out to NC A&T state business partners
that aren't OMP members to provide mentors. Mr. Mertic, Mr. Santalucia,
and Mr. Gunreben all agreed this is a great idea.

Ms. Schulman asked if she could have time to review the projects on the
wiki and get back to the group on if they have appropriate mentors.

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for February 18^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:38pm Eastern Time.
