---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-11-10"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Scott Boynton -- Canonical

Don Spoerke, GT Software

Ariadinny Braz

Voting members not in attendance:

Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire \*

James Caffrey, IBM \*

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Internship program 2016

\- Bounty Source projects

\- OpenStack update

**Internship Program 2016**

Mr. Mertic shared that the internship program will be announced in the
coming week, and to look for a blog post and social on the announcement.

**Bounty Source projects**

Mr. Edelsohn and Mr. Mertic gave an overview of the Bounty Source
program and what projects are good fit for it.

Mr. Mertic then opened the floor for suggestions on project ideas. The
following ideas came forward:

-   Mr. Gunreben indicated his Maven suggestion, while not s390
    specific, would help enable more Java based software be available on
    the platform.

-   Mr. Boynton suggested look at Kubernetes. He also said he would look
    into other open issues he's seeing from a Canonical perspective

-   Mr. Gunreben said he would like to see an SDK for the FPGA
    compression hardware.

**OpenStack update**

Mr. Mertic gave a quick update on the OpenStack consortium -- no new
news. Mr. Gunreban

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for December 8^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:49pm Eastern Time.
