---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-07-14"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire \*

James Caffrey, IBM \*

David Edelsohn, IBM

David Rossi, IBM

John Crossno, Compuware

Alan Warhurst, BMC

Marcel Mitran, IBM

Don Spoerke, GT Software

Harry Williams, Marist

Voting members not in attendance:

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Phil Tully, ADP \*

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Bounty Source update ( David )

\- Internship program update ( Herb )

\- Open source project list update ( Cindy )

**Bounty Source update**

Mr. Mertic indicated that this was approved by the TSC via email. Mr.
Edelsohn will provide details to Mr. Mertic on how to get the Open
Mainframe Project setup with Bounty Source.

**Internship program update**

Mr. Daly indicated that all projects are in progress and in process, and
that planning for SHARE involvement is being put together now. Mr. Daly
has indicated that he's not heard of any issues with the project, but
did request assistance on tools for doing videos that could be share via
social and the blog. Many on the call provided recommendations for tools
to use for recording.

Mr. Mertic indicated that we should bring the students together before
SHARE to cover the presentation session, Mr. Daly said he would organize
this.

Mr. Daly said the Blockchain hackathon has been postponed till after
SHARE, tentatively October 15^th^.

**Update on open source project list**

Cindy Lee provided Mr. Mertic the following update via email as she was
unable to attend the meeting:

"The package distro searching tool (IBM internal use only) has info from
3 distros now and I would like to get legal clearance on whether I\'m
allowed to re-distribute package list info for at least 1 before I
proceed with externalizing the tool or open sourcing it. I got in touch
with all 3 distros and my latest updates are:

-   RHEL: Got a NO from them

-   SLES: Has been talking to Mike Friesenegger from your group and have
    good conversation but Mike is away now. Will book a meeting with him
    once he become available.

-   Ubuntu: Have email exchange and sounds positive but still waiting
    for an official answer from them."

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for August 11^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:27pm Eastern Time.
