---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-01-21"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Alan Warhurst, BMC

Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity

Ros Schulman, Hitachi Data Systems

Cameron Seay, NC A&T State

Glenn Everitt, Compuware

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:07pm. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Update on the Internship program

\- Next steps on TSC Projects

Mr. Mertic indicated that there was not a quorum of the voting members
of the TSC.

**Update on the Internship program**

Mr. Mertic indicated that the Governing Board approved the Internship
program at their regular meeting on January 13^th^, 2016. After the
meeting, in discussion with the marketing committee and the academic
members at large, the following recommendations were made to the
proposal at (
<https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/internprogram?rev=1453302349>
)

-   The addition of this paragraph at the end of the first section under
    'Internship Program'

"The Open Mainframe Project will also give the ability for each intern
successfully completing the program to present their project at an
industry conference. US Students will participate at the SHARE
conference in Atlanta, and EU students will participate at a GSE event.
The Open Mainframe Project will provide a stipend for travel for each
student."

-   Changing the dates of the program as follows.

  --------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  March 25th, 2016                        Application Submission Deadline
  April 22nd, 2016                        Intern Acceptance Notifications Sent
  **US Schedule**                         
  May 2nd -- May 20th 2016                Intern/Mentor Bonding Period - Interns and Mentors get to know one another, interns read documentation, join in irc and mailing lists, and get comfortable with the other developers on the project.
  May 23rd, 2016                          Internship Start Date - Students provided a \$500 stipend
  June 24th, 2016                         Midterm Evaluations - Students receiving a satisfactory evaluation are provided a \$2,500 stipend
  July 25th - July 29th, 2016             Final week: Students tidy code, write tests, improve documentation and submit their code sample.
  August 1st - August 5th, 2016           Students participate at SHARE Conference in Atlanta. Mentors complete their student evaluations. Students receiving a satisfactory evaluation are provided a \$3,000 stipend.
  **EU Schedule**                         
  June 20th -- July 1^st^, 2016           Intern/Mentor Bonding Period - Interns and Mentors get to know one another, interns read documentation, join in irc and mailing lists, and get comfortable with the other developers on the project.
  July 4th, 2016                          Internship Start Date - Students provided a \$500 stipend
  August 5th, 2016                        Midterm Evaluations - Students receiving a satisfactory evaluation are provided a \$2,500 stipend
  September 5th - September 9th, 2016     Final week: Students tidy code, write tests, improve documentation and submit their code sample.
  September 12th - September 16th, 2016   Mentors complete their student evaluations. Students receiving a satisfactory evaluation are provided a \$3,000 stipend.
  TBD                                     Students participate at GSE Conference
  --------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mr. Warhurst asked about the gap on the EU side between the close of the
internship program, and the conference the interns would participate in,
and if perhaps that gap could be made smaller. Mr. Mertic said this
recommendation came from Herbert Daly who is administering the program,
and he would ask him for his input prior to the vote.

Mr. Mertic indicated that since there isn't a quorum of the TSC voting
members on the call, that this vote would be held via email.

**TSC Projects review**

Mr. Mertic asked the group for updates on breaking down TSC proposals
(<https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/tsc/projectplanning/>
)

Mr. Tully was the only one in attendance representing a project, and
said he is continuing to investigate. Mr. Tully further stressed the
need for the group to get more detail on the TSC Projects list, as the
interns will begin applying soon and will need a good list of projects
for the students to review. Mr. Seay also indicated that this level of
detail is needed for recruitment of students. Mr. Tully indicated that
we would send a note out to the group to get them working on detailing
the list.

**Other Discussion Items**

Mr. Tully said he would do a session at VMWORKSHOP about the Open
Mainframe Project. Said it would be good to have a general deck. Mr.
Mertic said he would share where is he is at with a deck via email.

Mr. Tully asked what our participation at SHARE this year is looking
like. Mr. Seay said he is still working with the SHARE committee to get
the right contact. Mr. Seay said he would work with Mr. Mertic to setup
a call with the SHARE committee contact to determine how to best engage.

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for February 4^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:31pm Eastern Time.
