---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-03-17"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Neale Fergusson, Sine Nomine Associates

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

David Rossi, IBM

James Caffrey, IBM \*

Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire \*

Harry Williams, Marist College

Voting members not in attendance:

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Internship update (Herb)

\- Open Source on Mainframe update (Neale/Daniel)

\- ADE project update (James)

\- TSC focus area update

**Internship update**

Mr. Daly indicated that there were 13 applicants for the program, and we
have enough data to start picking candidates. Mr. Daly is working to do
phone interviews next week and discuss with potential mentors.

Mr. Daly suggested that we might want to consider not forcing us to fill
all 8 slots if the candidate quality level isn't high enough to ensure
success. Mr. Gunreben said there was a challenge engaging the German
academic institutions which should be addressed for next time. Mr. Daly
said he hopes having a good group this time will help advertisement for
next time.

Mr. Daly said the projects around porting Linux monitoring tools was the
most popular area, with Docker and Docker Hub content coming in second.

Mr. Daly said he would organize a call with the project mentors
tomorrow.

**Open Source on Mainframe update**

Mr. Ferguson gave an overview of the project scope, indicating he's
built a script that builds an XML document that could be ported into a
database. Mr. Gunreben asked if they had looked at the Open Build
Service provided by SUSE; Mr. Ferguson said he hadn't but would. There
was a discussion on the scope of the project and if this service would
apply to this.

**ADE project update**

Mr. Caffrey provided update on the project, saying that a 1.0.1 version
is coming in the next week or so with contributed fixes included.

**TSC focus area update**

Mr. Mertic reviewed the project list and indicated there were no
updates.

**Other business**

Mr. Gunreben said he would be happy to give anyone updates on OpenSUSE,
and apologized for missing the last call.

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for April 28^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:46pm Eastern Time.
