---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-02-18"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

David Austin, RSM Partners

Glenn Everitt, Compuware

Harry Williams, Marist College

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 2:05pm. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Update on Anomaly detection engine for Linux logs

\- Finalize TSC project details.

\- OpenSUSE build service overview (Mr. Gunreben)

Mr. Mertic acknowledged that there was not a quorum of TSC voting
members for this call.

**Update on Anomaly detection engine for Linux logs**

Mr. Mertic reminded the group that a vote to accept this contribution as
a Open Mainframe Project TSC project is active on the mailing list. Mr.
Mertic further indicated that there will be a formal announcement via a
press release on Tuesday, February 23, 2016, and that the code will be
in a new GitHub repo by that time. Mr. Mertic also indicated that this
vote would welcome James Caffery, the project maintainer, as a voting
member of the TSC.

**Finalize TSC project details**

Mr. Mertic asked the group to re-review the project list and provide
updates
(<https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/tsc/projectplanning)>.
Mr. Tully stressed the need to have this done as interns will begin
applying to the program next week.

1.  Develop a JIT for OpenJDK ( Dale Hoffman )

Mr. Hoffman is still looking at bounty source for this.

2.  Docker -- ( Marcel Mitran / Dale Hoffman )

Mr. Mertic said that Mr. Mitran and Mr. Hoffman have provided

3.  Assess and certify(?) popular Linux management tools for z Systems
    (e.g.
    http://www.infoworld.com/article/2683857/network-monitoring/article.html,
    <https://blog.serverdensity.com/80-linux-monitoring-tools-know/)> (
    Scott Fagen )

Mr. Tully to follow up with Mr. Fagen on this.

4.  Blockchain performance (<https://www.ethereum.org/)> - ( Phil Tully
    / Len Santalucia )

Mr. Tully he will work with Mr. Santalucia in the next week or two to
break this down.

**OpenSUSE build service overview**

Mr. Mertic introduced Mr. Gunreben to provide a presentation on the
OpenSUSE build service.

Mr. Santalucia asked if a video recording of this presentation could be
put online somewhere. Mr. Gunreben said he would look into that.

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for March 3^rd^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:00pm Eastern Time.
