---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-01-07"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM

Larry Strickland, DataKinetics

Mark Wilson, RSM Partners

Harry Williams, Marist College

Glenn Everitt, Compuware

Len Santalucia, Vicom

Herbert Daly, University of Bedfordshire

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Update on OpenSUSE/LinuxOne usage for Open Mainframe Project

\- Internship Review (
https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/internprogram )

\- TSC Projects review (
https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/tsc/projectplanning
)

Mr. Hoffman make it clear that we should try to vote on project to
include today. Mr. Mertic indicated that this would be part of the 'TSC
Projects review' agenda item.

**Update on OpenSUSE/LinuxOne usage for Open Mainframe Project**

Mr. Tully asked for an update from Mr. Gunreben on the ability for the
Open Mainframe Project to leverage OpenSUSE and Mr. Williams if we could
use the LinuxOne infrastructure. Mr. Gunreben had no updates with the
holiday breaks, said he would define hardware requirements before the
next TSC meeting and share it over the TSC email list.

Mr. Santalucia said Mr. Williams offered to provide hardware, and would
work directly with Mr. Gunreben to get this going. Both Mr. Gunreben and
Mr. Williams agreed to have an update before the next TSC meeting. Mr.
Gunreben asked if other members could come forward with hardware and
resources for the project to leverage.

**Internship Review**

Mr. Mertic presented the program from last time, and asked if there were
any questions. Mr. Mertic also indicated that we need an internship
program administrator, along with commitments from member companies to
provide mentors.

Mr. Tully asked for someone from the academic community to step up to
lead this effort. Mr. Daly stepped to lead the effort as the project
administrator.

Upon a motion by Mr. Tully, and second by Mr. Gunreben, the TSC voting
members unanimously approved the Internship program as presented by the
draft at
https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/internprogram?rev=1452175826,
and Herbert Daly to serve as the project administrator and as such a
member of the TSC as long as the project remains managed by the TSC.

**TSC Projects review**

Mr. Mertic asked the group to re-review the project list
(<https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/openmainframeproject/tsc/projectplanning?rev=1452175842>
) and determine which ones the TSC should charter to focus on in 2016.
Mr. Tully said he would like to drive the group towards items that are
fully open source, such as the OpenJDK and DockerHub content, which
would require OpenSUSE environment to handle. Mr. Tully said that
focusing on items without political challenges make the most sense.

*Mr. Wilson left the call at 1:34pm ET.*

Mr. Mitran said he was unbiased, and happy to see any of the projects
included along with the group deciding which projects to include.

Mr. Santalucia agreed with focusing on those items that have minimal
political challenges, and said focusing on microservice architectures
also could be good in this context. Mr. Tully thanks Mr. Santalucia for
this and said he would like to get more input from others on the call.
Mr. Mitran said that microservices is a natural extension to the Docker
item on the list. Mr. Hoffman and Mr. Santalucia said the monitoring
tools are important ones as well, as not having the same ones what is on
x86 ends up being a blocker for System Z adoption.

Mr. Hoffman said that he might have someone available through
BountySource to handle the OpenJDK item, and said he would combine the
Docker items into one and tackle. Would like to add Blockchain as well.

Mr. Mertic mentioned that the Linux Foundation just launched a
Collaborative Project centered around Blockchain, and also manages
projects around containers, both of which could provide opportunities to
engage a larger community.

The group collective decided to focus on these large scale themes, and
the individuals mentioned in parathesis volunteers to scope out the
needs and effort more and come back to the TSC at the next meeting with
a set of tasks for each area.

1.  Develop a JIT for OpenJDK - multiplicative effect of enabling a lot
    of other projects that depend on OpenJDK ( Dale Hoffman )

2.  Docker -- ( Marcel Mitran / Dale Hoffman )

    a.  Build up the docker-hub content for Linux on z (ClefOS,
        OpenSUSE, Ubuntu... )

    b.  Enhance Docker to exploit LoZ capabilities/scale

    c.  Develop a reference micro-service architecture on LoZ

3.  Assess and certify(?) popular Linux management tools for z Systems
    (e.g.
    http://www.infoworld.com/article/2683857/network-monitoring/article.html,
    <https://blog.serverdensity.com/80-linux-monitoring-tools-know/)> (
    Scott Fagen )

4.  Blockchain performance (<https://www.ethereum.org/)> - ( Phil Tully
    / Len Santalucia )

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for January 21^st^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:08pm Eastern Time.
