---
parent: Meetings
title: "2016-10-13"
---
Open Mainframe Project


John Mertic, Linux Foundation

Phil Tully, ADP \*

Scott Fagen, CA \*

Dale Hoffman, IBM \*

Marcel Mitran, IBM

Harry Williams, Marist College

Don Spoerke, GT Software

David Edelsohn, IBM

Cameron Seay, NC State A&T

Neale Fergusson, Sine Nomine Associates

Voting members not in attendance:

Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire \*

James Caffrey, IBM \*

Berthold Gunreben, SUSE \*

(voting members denoted by asterisks)

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 2:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the
following agenda for the meeting:

\- Report from OpenStack Cloud Consortium meeting and TSC proposed next
steps

\- Discussion on projects/task for Bounty Source funding

**Report from OpenStack Cloud Consortium meeting and TSC proposed next
steps**

Mr. Mertic indicated that the OpenStack Cloud Consortium had it first
meeting, with the initial action to better understand previous
challenges with engaging with the OpenStack community. Mr. Mertic had a
conversation with Alan Clark at OpenStack on this, and his
recommendation was to have a face-to-face meeting with both parties to
discuss the concerns. Mr. Tully also indicated that the IBM team members
would look to get the v/VM team more engaged, and that the non-IBM
vendors felt that IBM should lead the effort as they own the product.

The TSC generally agreed on the following recommendation for next steps
of this consortium in order for it to become a project under the Open
Mainframe Project.

1)  Find 4 additional customers to provide use-cases and participate in
    the community around this development

2)  Obtain support from senior leadership within the z/VM team

3)  Hold a F2F session with the right people at the OpenStack project to
    ensure best practices are taken.

**Discussion on projects/task for Bounty Source funding**

Mr. Edelsohn and Mr. Mertic gave an overview of the Bounty Source
program and what projects are good fit for it.

Mr. Mertic then opened the floor for suggestions on project ideas. The
following ideas came forward:

-   Berthold Gunreben suggested via email some issues with Maven, but
    Mr. Edelsohn said that the bug he pointed to seemed to not be s390
    specific

-   Mr. Mitran said there were ideas around OpenShift and CloudFoundry,
    but those need some scoping work. Mr. Hoffman asked the group for
    more feedback on these if they are of value.

-   Mr. Fagan suggested SensorFlow, but Mr. Edelsohn said that this has
    already been completed. Mr. Mitran asked Mr. Fagen for feedback from
    his customers.

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for November 10^th^, 2016 at
1:00pm Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:49pm Eastern Time.
