---
title: 2017-02-09
parent: Meetings
---
Open Mainframe Project - TSC Meeting
February 9, 2017

Attendees:

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Mike Friesenegger, SUSE *
  * Elton Desouza, IBM
  * Don Spoerke, GT Software
  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU
  * Alan Warhurst, BMC

Voting members not in attendance:

  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Scott Fagen, CA *
  * Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire *
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM

Mr. Tully opened the meeting at 1:04pm ET. Mr. Tully presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * Board meeting feedback
  * OMP / Linux on z Security proposal
  * Cloudstack z/VM update
  * Docker update

**Internship program update**

Mr. Mertic gave an update on the intern selection process. There have been 29 applicants, and on track currently for announcing the accepted list late next week.

**Presentation on Apache Spark - TSC to review for potential investment**

Mr. Desouza gave an update on Apache Spark. Currently IBM is positioning Apache Spark on z/OS because the data is local to z/OS, but would like to shift that to Linux to align with the Watson ML component.

Feedback from the TSC included:
  * Does TensorFlow require NVIDIA GPUs? Training piece is more efficient with those GPUs, but not a hard requirement

Next steps are for Mr. Desouza to share his slides with the group and discussion offline.

**Cloudstack z/VM update**

Mr. Tully led a discussion on next steps for this group. The general discussion indicated that it needed to focus on plugging z/VM into any modern cloud management solution.



**Docker update**

Mr. Mertic said he is waiting for updates from Dale Hoffman before understanding where the project can invest its resources.

**Meeting Cadence**

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for April 20th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

**Adjournment**

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 2:01pm Eastern Time.
