---
title: "2017-11-09"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - November 9, 2017

## Attendance

### Attendees:

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Ingo Adlung, IBM
  * David Edelsohn, IBM
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associates
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

### Voting members not in attendance:

  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
  * Sam D'Angelo, AIG *

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Review interest in DataKinetics proposal
  * Alignment with Linux on Z open source team ( https://github.com/linux-on-ibm-z )

### TSC Project updates

#### ADE

Shared via email by Mr. Caffery:

"I'm working on a new release of ADE 1.0.4 to integrate a number of fixes to test programs that have been provided by the community.  The code has been moved to develop branch and I am doing a install test on the final package before moving it to master.

It continues to get a reasonable number of people looking at the repro (10 to 30 people every two weeks)."

#### Cloudstack on z/VM

Ms. Hugenbruch indicated many discussions are still ongoing with at least 3 different projects to focus on. The meeting on 11/10/2017 will go over these proposals. The proposal from Mike MacIssac on developing out zoom sounds like current leading project. Still having challenges on getting the broader community engaged.

Mike MacIssac will be taking over the lead on the project in the coming weeks.

The primary focus of the group would be building out zoom to fill the layer between z/VM and cloudstack technologies, but would not build out OpenStack specific APIs. There would need to be a seperate project to build out the OpenStack APIs, which focusing on zoom should make easier.

#### Internship

Mr. Mertic indicated that the internship program will be announced by Thanksgiving. Mr. Mertic asked members to bring forward project and contribute them to https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/tree/master/project_proposals.

### Review interest in DataKinetics proposal

Mr. Mertic asked if there is any interest in the DataKinetics proposal from last week. There was no interest raised.

### Alignment with Linux on Z open source team ( https://github.com/linux-on-ibm-z )

Mr. Mertic raised the idea of working more directly with the Linux on Z open source team at IBM for identifying open source projects needing s390x support. Mr. Mertic overviewed a program proposal for executing on this plan.

There was discussion on how to best identify the projects to focus on and the role of the TSC in identifying these projects. The following action items came from the call:

* Mr. Mertic to reach out to the Docker contact with Mr. Hoffman on copy, to make a plan for presenting how the project could sponsor building s390x content for DockerHub that could be certifed.
* Mr. Mertic to setup call with Mr. Tully and the IBM Linux on Z open source team to discuss the status of that work and how the OMP could help
* Mr. Tully and Mr. Santalucia to connect with various z/VM tool maintainers to see if they would be interested in the Open Mainframe Project hosting thier code.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for December 14th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:49pm Eastern Time.
