---
title: "2017-04-20"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - April 20, 2017

**Attendees:**

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Serena Malkani, Linux Foundation
  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM
  * David Edelsohn, IBM
  * David Rossi, IBM
  * Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine
  * Harry Williams, Marist College
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

Voting members not in attendance:

  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Scott Fagen, CA *
  * Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire *
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:07pm ET. Mr. Tully presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * Update on internship program
  * Docker techbrief and Discourse Community engagement ( Serena )
  * Future OpenStack and z/VM integration ( Mike/Emily )

## Update on internship program

Mr. Mertic indicated that the all the intern slots were filled, and announced back in March. Mr. Daly will be working to get final mentors in place.

Mr. Caffery asked the group if they could provide Linux logs from production systems to help validate the algorithm that the intern that is working on the ADE project. Mr. Caffery asked if anyone could provide this to email him offline.

## Docker techbrief and Discourse Community engagement ( Serena )

Ms. Malkani asked the group for SME(s) to help with the Docker techbrief campaign. Mr. Santalucia and Mr. Ferguson indicated he could help connect Ms. Malkani to the right person(s).

Ms. Malkani shared some ideas on how to help get more engagement on the Open Mainframe Project Community Forums. Ms. Malkani specifically asked for training for interns and mentors on how to use the community forums.

## Future OpenStack and z/VM integration ( Mike/Emily )

Ms. Hugenbrach asked for this section of the meeting to be recorded.


Ms. Hugenbrach gave an update indicating that IBM is more actively looking to improve the OpenStack and z/VM integration, with an opportunity to break from the concerns raised in the past. Mr. Friesenegger also shared some thoughts from a SUSE perspective.

A subcommittee for this topic will hold a call later in the day to discuss this more.

## Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for May 11th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

## Adjournment  

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:41pm Eastern Time.
