---
title: "2017-08-17"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - August 17, 2017

**Attendees:**

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Don Spoerke, DataKinetics
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * John Arwe, IBM
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associates
  * Vincent Terrone, William Patterson University

Voting members not in attendance:

  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM *
  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM *

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * New repo form Atom editor language highlighting ( John Arwe )
  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Internship
  * Update on s390x tools collaboration.
  * Update on project idea around Linux FS drivers for legacy mainframe file systems ( Jeff Andrews - GT Software )

## New repo form Atom editor language highlighting

John Arwe showed the Atom plugins he developed that are on the Open Mainframe Project Github repo.

  * https://github.com/openmainframeproject/atompkg-language-zvm-rexx
  * https://github.com/openmainframeproject/atompkg-language-zvm-names
  * https://github.com/openmainframeproject/atompkg-language-zvm-asm
  * https://github.com/openmainframeproject/atompkg-language-zvm-gml

## TSC Project updates

### ADE

  * No updates

### Cloudstack on z/VM

Sorry I won't get to call in tomorrow. But I think with the Cloudstack group, we've worked through some requirements for deploy, networking and disk. We're having a comeback on the question of SMAPI vs. zPRO vs. LXC once the LXC proof of concept is done. We're hoping to finish the basic requirements discussion on Friday and then next week have a recap of our requirements so far and start to talk about how to get them implemented.

The interns are moving along well, we would love to hear more from them on the calls. Amit usually calls in and participates, but Rohit and Akanksha haven't been able to make the calls. No word yet on whether their abstract was accepted for the OpenStack Sydney summit.

### Internship

  * EU interns at midway point. Waiting for acceptance for OpenStack Summit Sydney.
    * All 3 interns working on sections on the same project under one mentor, going well.
  * US interns done, 4/5 successfully completed, sent final stipend.
  * Working on setting up 2018 program, reviewing feedback from this year's program. Things to consider for the future include:
    * Have mentors more involved in the selection process.
    * Have intern show-and-tell sessions to help build collaboration
    * Provide training materials to interns on mainframe platform, perhaps lengthen that period.

## Discussion of s390x tools collaboration

Mr. Tully said that he needs to review the concerns ADP was seeing internally. Review done by the working group seemed to indicate that there wasn't many backwards compatibility issues.

## Discussion of project idea around Linux FS drivers for legacy mainframe file systems

Mr. Mertic said Mr. Andrews said they are still working on the proposal, will provide an update soon.

## Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for September 14th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

## Adjournment 

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:39pm Eastern Time.
