---
title: "2017-01-12"
parent: Meetings
---
Open Mainframe Project
TSC Meeting
January 12, 2017

Attendees:

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Serena Malkani, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Berthold Gunreben, SUSE *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM
  * Ariadinny Braz
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity
  * David Rossi, IBM
  * David Edelsohn, IBM
  * Emily Hugenbrach, IBM

Voting members not in attendance:

  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Scott Fagen, CA *
  * Herbert Daly, U of Bedfordshire *

Mr. Tully opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Tully presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * Docker announcement from IBM
  * OMP/HyperLedger update
  * OpenStack on z/VM update
  * Internship program update
  * SUSE Tumbleweed announcement

# Docker announcement from IBM

Mr. Hoffman announced that IBM and Docker have now entered into a partnership agreement for a joint engineering fashion.

IBM can resell docker engines and data center on both z and power platforms. Still working on who is going to do final L1 and L2 Support in the next month
Sending a team to dockers facilities to work on delivery of products
Hope to make a big public splash at IBM interconnect

Mr. Mertic asked what can we as a project to help contribute? Ideas mentioned included:

  * Interns testing out
  * Differentiating things : scaling features from ADP
  * Will be  Z unique
  * Testing a high density system with docker
  * Secure containers- isolation features
  * Opportunity for us to improve how docker does resource management

Mr. Mertic said he would pull together a call for picking out what to focus on.

# OMP/HyperLedger update

Discussion around hyperledger - Open Source around blockchain
How can Open Mainframe Project work with them
It appears we don’t have a lot to do there.. If a customer wants a z image, they can. IBM heavily involved and has experience. Advocacy is already being done for.
Possibly doing some work with interns down the line
Right now, there’s not much of us to do other than monitor

# OpenStack on z/VM update

Mr. Tully lead a discussion around focusing the OpenStack on z/VM project on a codebase. The following feedback came from those on the meeting

  * Cloud integration with ZVM, xcat issues
  * ADP comment: threw xcat out as a base, using open source product  (zoom)  for integration
  * 1 piece really missing is the UI
  * Suggestion: maybe OMP could promote getting interns to develop a UI
  * Full api functionality, user exits
  * Gotten much better since version 1
  * Openstack integration? Xcat has a similar approach and does not need openstack and can handle functions on its own …
  * Phil: xcat- many problems, this is fully open
  * Something to think about : play around with LXZ package, much less the a complete cloud environment. Allows you to interact with zvm, enable mk cloud, does all of what a cloud can do
  * Glue from openstack to ZVM, we need a starting point.. Let’s figure out where to start..
  * Goal: writing new drivers.. Different approaches to this right now, but we as a project need to confidently make this better? Discussion around different options cloud- but we need to be cohesive and not have competing efforts
  * IBM perspective - going to continue to do things with Xcat due to pre- existing investments -- follow up meeting to get on same page
  * Why a proxy to translate commands?

Mr. Mertic proposed a follow up meeting for group in the next week or 2 to help select a code base to start from.

# Internship program update

Mr. Mertic indicated that the internship program was open for applications, and asked members of the group to provide feedback on projects for students to work on. Mr. Robinson, Mr. Edelsohn, and Mr. Mitran all indicated they would provide ideas.

# SUSE Tumbleweed announcement

Mr. Gunreben indicated that the SUSE Tumbleweed release has happened for s390, providing additional details over the email list.

# Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for February 9th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

# Adjournment

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 2:01pm Eastern Time.
