---
title: "2017-12-14"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - December 14, 2017

## Attendance

### Attendees:

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Mike MacIsaac, ADP *
  * David Edelsohn, IBM
  * Russ Herold
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Cameron Seay, NC A&T State
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM
  * Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

### Voting members not in attendance:

  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
  * Sam D'Angelo, AIG *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Ingo Adlung, IBM

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Discussion/feedback on 'Enable s390x in open source program’ proposal

### TSC Project updates

#### Cloudstack on z/VM

Mr. MacIsaac gave the following update:

- Had trouble scheduling meetings last two weeks - one scheduled for 12/15 at 11:00am ET.
- Been working on putting together a scope of work, but resources are a challenge. Len has helped with getting hardware, but need developers.
-

#### ADE

No update.

#### Internship

Mr. Mertic said we've had 21 applications for the internship program. Mr. Mertic

### Discussion/feedback on 'Enable s390x in open source program’ proposal

Mr. Mertic presented a program plan for better supporting s390x in open source projects for the team to review. Mr. Mertic indicated it is in the best interest of the project and community to have the project be the focal point for any open source project needing s390x support.

Mr. Mertic provided updates on conversations held to date.

* Mr. Mertic reached out to the Docker contact with Mr. Hoffman on copy, to make a plan for presenting how the project could sponsor building s390x content for DockerHub that could be certifed. No response yet.
* Mr. Mertic setup a call with Mr. Tully and Cindy Lee to discuss the status of that work and how the OMP could help. There was interest in collaborating, and trying to leverage work being done in the POWER community for a similar goal of providing CI and hardware resources. Mr. Mertic indicated there is no timetable for that work.
* Mr. Tully and Mr. Santalucia indicated that they would connect with various z/VM tool maintainers to see if they would be interested in the Open Mainframe Project hosting thier code.
* Mr. Post showed linuxvm.org, indicated that he's supported this site for years but would like to see how get more content.

Mr. Mertic proposed launching the program publically after the first of the year, and based on response align resources.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for January 11th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:41pm Eastern Time.
