---
title: 2017-09-28
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - September 28, 2017

**Attendees:**

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associates
  * Vincent Terrone, William Patterson University
  * Allen Zander, DataKinetics
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

Designated members not in attendance:

  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Presentation from DataKinetics on potential TSC project

# TSC Project updates

## ADE

Mr. Caffery indicated 1.0.4 is preparing for release in October, fixing several unit test issues. Mr. Caffery said that there is work ongoing on building better regression test processes for automating future releases. Mr. Caffery said there are 8-10 hits a week on the repo, which they are happy with. He is also hoping for more engagement with NC A&T over time, and will work with the TSC and internship program to identify skills and projects for the project.

## Cloudstack on z/VM

Ms. Hugenbruch said the group is still considering the solution to move forward with code-wise, though there has been good discussion on requirements. Mr. Tully asked questions around the IBM future direction on a product to replace the current solution; Ms. Hugenbruch provided context on that direction. Mr. Tully indicated that there should an architectural review to help expedite coming to a solution. Mr. Robinson and Ms. Hugenbruch shared some links around the IBM work ongoing ( https://github.com/mfcloud/python-zvm-sdk/blob/master/doc/source/restapi.rst and http://cloudlib4zvm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html ).

Ms. Hugenbruch said she is looking for someone to transition chairperson roles to for the group, and is looking for volunteers.

## Internship

  * No updates

# Presentation from DataKinetics on potential TSC project

Mr. Zander started a conversation around X Algorithms ( https://xalgorithms.org/ ), and seeing if there was interest from the TSC in aligning with the effort. Mr. Tully asked everyone to review and then it could be considered for official participation at the next TSC meeting.

# Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for November 9th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

# Adjournment 

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:39pm Eastern Time.
