---
title: "2017-07-13"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - July 13, 2017

**Attendees:**

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM *
  * James Caffrey, IBM *
  * David Edelsohn, IBM
  * Jeff Andrews, GT Software
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
  * Peter Haines, GT Software
  * Tuan Hoang
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associates
  * Ariadinny Braz
  * Penelope Yao, Linux Foundation

Voting members not in attendance:

  * Marcel Mitran, IBM *

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Internship
  * Discussion of s390x tools collaboration.
  * Discussion of project idea around Linux FS drivers for legacy mainframe file systems ( Jeff Andrews - GT Software )

# TSC Project updates

## ADE

  * Been quiet over the past few months, but should be having some unit tests and continuous model tooling support that will be integrated in the coming weeks.
  * Intern is supporting this effort, writing a completely new scorer for collection of IoT data.
  * 1-2 people per week cloning, 20-30 people per 2 weeks looking at the code

## Cloudstack on z/VM

  * Focused mostly on group introductions and customers reviewing how they are doing cloud deployments.
  * Weekly calls, but some distruptions with the 4th holiday and VMWorkshop
  * 3 interns are working on this project, focusing on them being able to present work of the project at Openstack Summit Sydney, including new architecture and mapping to existing OpenStack commands.

## Internship

  * EU interns are launched and moving along.
  * US interns past midway point, preparing for SHARE, overall these projects are doing well.

# Discussion of s390x tools collaboration

Mr. Friesenegger kicked off a discussion around seeing if a portion of the s390x tools can be split off and less kernel level dependent. Mr. Post expressed concerns of the legal aspects of this which might prevent this project. There was discussion of seeing how to get past this, and suggestions of having a customer drive the need and an Open Mainframe Project TSC project. In parallel, the group suggested driving a working group call for determining how the packaging could be split. Mr. Mertic said he would schedule a call in two week for this discussion, and Mr. Tully indicated he would drive for legal resolution with IBM.

# Discussion of project idea around Linux FS drivers for legacy mainframe file systems

Mr. Andrews led a discussion around an idea for a project around Linux FS drivers for many of the legacy mainframe file systems in use by customers. Mr. Ferguson outlined some challenges in many of these filesystems having undocumented code. There was some interest in a working group, so Mr. Mertic said he would look to schedule a call once Mr. Andrews delivers a proposal to share broadly with the group.

# Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for August 17th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

# Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:55pm Eastern Time.
