---
title: 2018-10-18
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - October 18, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike Shultz, Linux Foundation
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Dave Jones
* Usman Haider
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associate
* Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity

## Agenda

* TSC repo refactoring
* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Consideration to move to Emeritus status
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* Updates on OMP Infrastructure for mainframe community
  * Marist - Former OSDL program now Open Mainframe Project Supported Projects Program
  * VCU - discussions on leveraging for z/OS open source project use

## Action Items

- Vote for moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status via email
- John Mertic to email Cloudstack on z/VM group after moved to Emeritus status to invite to z/VM Cloud Connector project.
- Meeting with Dave Jones, Mike Friesenegger, Neale Ferguson, and Enyu Wang on next steps with Supported Projects Program

## Notes

There was discussion on moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status - all generally agreed. Next step is to conduct vote via email. There was additional discussion on having the existing community migrate to the z/VM Cloud Connector project. John Mertic offered to do an email for this once the vote for Emeritus status is complete.

Bob Dahlberg indicated that he's working on a number of operational updates for the internship program, including moving to Github and establishing an intern guide. He further said that he will start working on past intern blog posts with Mae for promotion of the program.

John Mertic indicated that the Zowe update was sent via [email](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/topic/i_ll_miss_the_tsc_today/27402147?p=,,,20,0,0,0::recentpostdate%2Fsticky,,,20,2,0,27402147)

John Mertic indicated that z/VM Cloud Connector was accepted at the Incubation level, and right now they are working on cleaning up the license attributions in the code base and finalizing the governance stucture before bringing the code over and formally announcing the project.

John Mertic indicated that the Supported Projects Program is now live. Dave Jones volunteered to help mentor projects needing mainframe support. Mike Friesenegger and Neale Ferguson were both wanting to build out a larger list of open source projects and resources for the community with this page.
