---
title: 2018-06-14
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - June 14, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Mark Post, SUSE

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Russ Herrold
* Dave Jones
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Rich Troth
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine
* David Rossi, IBM
* Tuan Hoang
* Usman Haider

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE Updates
* Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans
* Update on moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub
* Discussion of TSC governance

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic shared that initial mentor/intern calls have been held and that the specific project plans are being worked on. No concerns or issues at this point. Tuan Huang was selected to present at OSSNA, while the other mentors are reviewing events for thier interns to participate in that is more promiximal to SE Asia.

### ADE Updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates on the refocus of the promotion of this project since the last TSC meeting.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates other than the next meeting to be scheduled for next Friday.

### Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans

Mr. Mertic had no updates.

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Mertic had no updates.

### Discussion of TSC governance

Mr. Mertic led a discussion around proposed TSC governance changes that would (a) shift the TSC to formally manage an umbrella of top level projects and (b) have the composition of voting members not be tied to corporate sponsorship as it is today. In general this was well recieved with some discussion on how this could bring more mainframers and projects into the TSC purview.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for July 19th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:29pm Eastern Time.
