---
title: "2018-11-08"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - November 8, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Mark Post, SUSE
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Dave Jones
* Russ Herold
* Len Santalucia
* Mike MacIsaac
* Usman Haider
* Rich Troth
* Wolfram Greis

## Agenda

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* VCU Capstone program proposal

## Action Items

- Vote for moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status via email
- John Mertic to email Cloudstack on z/VM group after moved to Emeritus status to invite to z/VM Cloud Connector project.
- Meeting with Dave Jones, Mike Friesenegger, Neale Ferguson, and Enyu Wang on next steps with Supported Projects Program

## Notes

Interns presented at OSSEU successfully last month. Bob is working with Mae to get the intern's stories publicized to get more proposals for 2019. Bob also suggested a blog post as a call for project proposals from the community at large - John to follow up with Mae on this.

No updates from Zowe or ADE.

z/VM Cloud Connector currently in IBM open sourcing process - no timetable for when that will be complete.

Bob shared a [proposal](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/attachment/398/0/CS%20305%20%20zOS%20security%20calls%20for%20remote%20authentication%20using%20Zowe.docx) for a VCU Capstone project to be funded by the TSC - the ask for funding is $5,000. Attendees generally liked the idea. John said he would take the proposal to the email list to approve.
