---
title: "2018-01-11"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - January 11, 2018

## Attendance

### Attendees:

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Phil Tully, ADP *
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Jain Yash
* Ingo Adlung, IBM
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Tuan Hoang
* Ariadinny Braz
* Russ Herrold

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE *
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP *
* James Caffrey, IBM *
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
* Sam D'Angelo, AIG *
* Dale Hoffman, IBM *

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Cloudstack updates
* Internship updates
* ADE Updates
* Other business

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Tully indicated there has been some progress, getting access to LPARs to do some testing ( thanks to Len and Vicom Infinity ). Discussion has been around packages and build server processes, but slow because of the holidays. Next meeting is 2018-01-19. Mr. Friesenegger added that he would be demostating how OpenStack works with CMA during that meeting.

Mr. Santalucia said he connected with Chen at the IBM China team working on thier drivers and shared the email from him. Discussion ensued on the lack of documentation for this open source project.

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic said we've had 26 applications for the internship program. There was also discussion on helping interns with thier proposals, and Mr. Mertic proposed adding a Discourse section for this. Mr. Santalucia also volunteered to hold a teleconference for all the intern applicants, which Mr. Mertic agreed to help coordinate.

Mr. Adlung asked for details on how to apply for the program. Mr. Mertic shared the following two links for applicants as well as proposing projects for interns to consider.

https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/internship.md
https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/proposed.md

### ADE Updates

No update.

### Other business

Mr. Tully brought up the discussion on Alpine Linux, namely funding Tuan Hoang and providing him hardware. Mr. Santalucia indicated that Marist would be able to provide the infrastructure and that his work will be considered for the summer internship program.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for February 8th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 1:41pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-02-08"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - February 8, 2018

## Attendance

### Attendees:

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Phil Tully, ADP *
* Dale Hoffman, IBM *
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
* Ingo Adlung, IBM
* Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
* Shashank
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Dave Jones
* Jain Yash
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associate
* Usman Haider
* Frank Heimes, Canoncial

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE *
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP *
* James Caffrey, IBM *
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
* Vincent Terrone, AIG *

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Internship updates
* Cloudstack updates
* ADE Updates
* TSC Chair transition
* Sponsoring VM Workshop
* Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

### Internship updates

Mr. Dahlberg indicated that there were 47 applicants, and that after the call for proposals closes on 2/15 he will engage mentors to start going through applications and dividing up the reviews based upon projects applied for.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Tully indicated that the group is determining what each person in the group wants out of the project. Ji Chen from IBM will be presenting the updated cloud connector during tomorrow's call.

### ADE Updates

No update. Will ask to have him send an update via email.

### TSC Chair transition

Mr. Tully indicated that he has limited bandwidth for serving as chairperson, and asked if anyone else who is a voting TSC member would be interested in taking the chairperson role or being a co-chairperson with him. Nobody came forward with interest.

### Sponsoring VM Workshop

Mr. Mertic indicated that marketing committee has decided to pass the question of sponsoring VM Workshop 2018 to the TSC, as they felt it was more of a community event. All in attendance generally agreed, however since there isn't wasn't a quorum Mr. Mertic said he would take the vote over email.

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Tully said he would be working with Mark Post to review content and come up with a plan to bring what is relevant over to the Open Mainframe Project Github site.

### Other business

Mr. Tully mentioned that there has been discussion on the ODSL infrastructure hosted by Marist, with the Open Mainframe Project taking over from the Linux Foundation to project manage the program. There was some discussion of the projects using the infrastructure and what they are provided. Mr. Mertic indicated that he would hold a call later this month with those interested to review the program for projects to engage.

Mr. Ferguson mentioned that Clef OS is an official Docker image. Mr. Mertic asked him to share with the group and that the project could promote this.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for March 8th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 1:44pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-04-12"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - April 12, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Mark Post, SUSE

### Voting members not in attendance:

* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Russ Herrold
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associate
* Dave Jones
* Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity
* Rick Troth

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* New TSC rep from IBM - Enyu Wang
* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE Updates
* Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans
* Update on moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

### New TSC rep from IBM - Enyu Wang

Ms. Wang was introduced as the new TSC rep from IBM, and gave a short background on herself.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. MacIssac indicated they are having every other week meetings, several guest speakers lined up that are presenting solutions. There was some discussion on the drive to building an open source codebase, both selecting a code base and how to build it out. Mr. Ferguson indicated that he has a possible REST API to start from, and Mr. Dahlberg indicated that his students could do the work as part of a capstone program.

### Internship updates

Mr. Dahlberg indicated that there were 71 applicants, and that 12 have been selected for the summer. Plans are underway for getting them up and going for the summer.

### ADE Updates

Mr. Mertic indicated he spoke with James yesterday. The techincal work is progressing, but there is needed some help on moving to the latest version of SonarQube. Also, Mr. Mertic indicated that project needs better promotion, and is working with James on that.

Mr. Kim shared the link to the project ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/ade ) and Mr. Ferguson shared the link to a Docker container built with it on ClefOS ( https://hub.docker.com/r/clefos/ade/ )

### Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans

Mr. Mertic shared a document outlining the proposed program with the group, asking for feedback before the next TSC meeting

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Tully said there was no update, but planned to work on this for the next meeting.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for May 10th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:39pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-05-10"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - May 10, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Phil Tully, ADP

### Voting members not in attendance:

* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Mark Post, SUSE

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Russ Herrold
* Alan Clark, SUSE
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Steve Conger, ADP
* Harry Williams
* Dave Jones

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Ask of TSC for direction/feedback
  * Internship
  * ADE Updates
* Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans
* Update on moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub
* Sponsorship of VCU RamHacks 2018 Hackathon

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic shared that initial mentor/intern calls have been held and that the specific project plans are being worked on. No concerns or issues at this point.

Mr. Dahlberg shared the following via email:

"The Blockchain project had their first project meeting.  The other projects are still planning their first project meeting.  I will followup with all the project teams to ensure all teams are off to a good start."

### ADE Updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates on the refocus of the promotion of this project since the last TSC meeting.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Santalucia shared the governing board meeting discussion on the stalled status of this project. Mr. Tully indicated that the project should focus on building out a requirements document to which will define scope. Mr. Tully said he would engage in the next meeting of that project to move forward that process.

### Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans

Mr. Mertic indicated that there are some projects in the pipeline to leverage this infrastructure

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Tully said there was no update, but planned to work on this for the next meeting.

### Sponsorship of VCU RamHacks 2018 Hackathon

Mr. Santalucia shared details of this hackathon and asked for the TSC to approve funding. Mr. Mertic indicated he would bring this to a vote via email for the TSC.

### Other business

David Edelsohn is making progress with CentOS community. Mr. Mertic indicated he would like to discuss that offline as there is another effort ongoing to align the communities.

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for June 14th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:19pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-06-14"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - June 14, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Mark Post, SUSE

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Russ Herrold
* Dave Jones
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Rich Troth
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine
* David Rossi, IBM
* Tuan Hoang
* Usman Haider

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE Updates
* Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans
* Update on moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub
* Discussion of TSC governance

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic shared that initial mentor/intern calls have been held and that the specific project plans are being worked on. No concerns or issues at this point. Tuan Huang was selected to present at OSSNA, while the other mentors are reviewing events for thier interns to participate in that is more promiximal to SE Asia.

### ADE Updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates on the refocus of the promotion of this project since the last TSC meeting.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates other than the next meeting to be scheduled for next Friday.

### Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans

Mr. Mertic had no updates.

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Mertic had no updates.

### Discussion of TSC governance

Mr. Mertic led a discussion around proposed TSC governance changes that would (a) shift the TSC to formally manage an umbrella of top level projects and (b) have the composition of voting members not be tied to corporate sponsorship as it is today. In general this was well recieved with some discussion on how this could bring more mainframers and projects into the TSC purview.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for July 19th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:29pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-07-19"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - July 19, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Mark Post, SUSE

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Russ Herrold
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Sean McBride
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Dave Jones
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Usman Haider
* Rick Troth

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
* Review keypunch and mainframe-job for OMP to host ( presentation by Sean McBride )
* Review of TSC process and governance proposed changes ( see https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/tree/20180718-tsc-process-proposal/process )

### Top Level Project Updates

#### Cloudstack

Mr. MacIsaac said the project is focusing on driving on a RESTful API for Z Linux to connect the front end ( z/VM to start ) with front end technologies. The document for this is being maintained at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/cloudstack-wg/blob/master/PURPOSE.md. There was discussion if the aim for this API is for full agreement on the APi, which Mr. MacIsaac indicated it was.

#### Internship

Mr. Dahlberg shared that there are several mid terms reviews outstanding that he is chasing down. Mr. Dahlberg and Mr. Mertic indicated they would connect to on the outstanding reviews and ensure all the SE Asia based interns have a speaking slot ( OSSEU or KubeCon China or Hyperledger Global Forum ). Mr. Friesenegger indicated that his interns were working out of Trello successfully, which might be something worth considering in the future.

#### ADE

No update was provided.

#### Zowe

Mr. Hosgstrom introduced himself and the Zowe project to the group. He indicated that the project will be introduced to the mainframe community at SHARE St. Louis in mid August, and to the larger world at Open Source Summit North America at the end of August.

### Review keypunch and mainframe-job for OMP to host ( presentation by Sean McBride )

Mr. McBride presented both keypunch and mainframe-job to the group, as well as his background in the mainframe ecosystem and his current work focuses which are out of the mainframe space. The code is located at https://github.com/open-mainframe.

Generally speaking the group liked the idea of bringing the code in. Mr. Mertic indicated he would conduct a vote offline for the code to be brought into the Open Mainframe Project.

### Review of TSC process and governance proposed changes

Mr. Mertic led a discussion around proposed TSC governance changes that would (a) shift the TSC to formally manage an umbrella of top level projects and (b) have the composition of voting members not be tied to corporate sponsorship as it is today. In general this was well recieved with some discussion on how this could bring more mainframers and projects into the TSC purview.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for August 7th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:29pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-08-09"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - August 9, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* *vacant*, CA Technologies
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Enyu Wang, IBM

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Bruce Armstrong, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Mark Ackert, CA
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine
* Usman Haider

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
* Overview of Zowe APIs ( Matt Hogstrom )
* Recap on TSC process and governance proposed changes ( see https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/tree/20180718-tsc-process-proposal/process )

### Top Level Project Updates

#### Cloudstack

Mike MacIsaac indicated that the group is going over a document to agree on a set of RESTful APIs that systems can adhere to. There is some alignment with with Velocity and ADP on this API, but the existing IBM z/VM Cloud Connector work isn't aligned at the moment. There was discussion on the OpenStack upstream driver being based on the IBM z/VM Cloud Connector, which is making it difficult for that team to align to the RESTful API this group is being developed.

#### Internship

US Interships have wrapped up and EU has hit the midterm point, Bob Dahlberg has indicated that he's working to get those closed out. Intern backpacks are getting ready to be ordered as well. Bob and John will work on promotion of the interns work.

#### ADE

John indicated that the project is working to get awareness amongst Linux system adminstrators.

#### Zowe

Matt indicated that the project is slowly moving into the open source model. Announcement is at SHARE next week, with community process and code starting to land over the coming days.

### Overview of Zowe APIs ( Matt Hogstrom )

Matt Hogstrom did a presentation on Zowe to the group. All recieved it well with no notable concerns have come up.

### Review of TSC process and governance proposed changes

Mr. Mertic asked for any last feedback on the TSC governance and process documents before taking it to a vote. There was no feedback, and Mr. Mertic indicated he would have the TSC approve via email.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for September 13th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:02pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-09-13"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - September 13, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* *vacant*, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Ingo Adlung, IBM
* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Ji Chen, IBM
* Dave Jones, IBM
* Rick Troth
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
* Review proposal for z/VM Cloud connector

Mr. Dahlberg also indicated he is doing a capstone project with the students on beta

### Top Level Project Updates

#### Cloudstack on z/VM

Mr. Friesenegger said he do a demo at the next call to showcase how to use Git and contribute to the z/VM Cloud connector project.

#### Internship

Finishing up with the last interns, final payments are going out this week. Been in contact with OMP marketing on promoting this year's interns and promoting next years. Also reporting next year will move to GitHub to improve access.

Mr. Mertic discussed that next year's internship program is open and there is a flyer and web landing page for students to review and apply. There was discussion on promoting to more universities which attendees said they would share the [flyer](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/tree/master/projects/internship/OMP_2019_Intern_flyer_v3.pdf) with.

#### ADE

No update.

#### Zowe

No update.

### Review proposal for z/VM Cloud connector

Mr. Chen introduced the z/VM Cloud connector project for consideration of the TSC to bring in as a top level project.

There was some discussion on the licensing and contribution process currently, which currently uses an Apache 2 license and would shift to using the DCO for contributions.

TSC voting members in attendance decided to take to the TSC Voting email list for approval.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for September 13th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:51pm Eastern Time.
---
title: "2018-10-18"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - October 18, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike Shultz, Linux Foundation
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Dave Jones
* Usman Haider
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associate
* Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity

## Agenda

* TSC repo refactoring
* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Consideration to move to Emeritus status
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* Updates on OMP Infrastructure for mainframe community
  * Marist - Former OSDL program now Open Mainframe Project Supported Projects Program
  * VCU - discussions on leveraging for z/OS open source project use

## Action Items

- Vote for moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status via email
- John Mertic to email Cloudstack on z/VM group after moved to Emeritus status to invite to z/VM Cloud Connector project.
- Meeting with Dave Jones, Mike Friesenegger, Neale Ferguson, and Enyu Wang on next steps with Supported Projects Program

## Notes

There was discussion on moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status - all generally agreed. Next step is to conduct vote via email. There was additional discussion on having the existing community migrate to the z/VM Cloud Connector project. John Mertic offered to do an email for this once the vote for Emeritus status is complete.

Bob Dahlberg indicated that he's working on a number of operational updates for the internship program, including moving to Github and establishing an intern guide. He further said that he will start working on past intern blog posts with Mae for promotion of the program.

John Mertic indicated that the Zowe update was sent via [email](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/topic/i_ll_miss_the_tsc_today/27402147?p=,,,20,0,0,0::recentpostdate%2Fsticky,,,20,2,0,27402147)

John Mertic indicated that z/VM Cloud Connector was accepted at the Incubation level, and right now they are working on cleaning up the license attributions in the code base and finalizing the governance stucture before bringing the code over and formally announcing the project.

John Mertic indicated that the Supported Projects Program is now live. Dave Jones volunteered to help mentor projects needing mainframe support. Mike Friesenegger and Neale Ferguson were both wanting to build out a larger list of open source projects and resources for the community with this page.
---
title: "2018-11-08"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - November 8, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Mark Post, SUSE
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Dave Jones
* Russ Herold
* Len Santalucia
* Mike MacIsaac
* Usman Haider
* Rich Troth
* Wolfram Greis

## Agenda

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* VCU Capstone program proposal

## Action Items

- Vote for moving Cloudstack on z/VM to Emeritus status via email
- John Mertic to email Cloudstack on z/VM group after moved to Emeritus status to invite to z/VM Cloud Connector project.
- Meeting with Dave Jones, Mike Friesenegger, Neale Ferguson, and Enyu Wang on next steps with Supported Projects Program

## Notes

Interns presented at OSSEU successfully last month. Bob is working with Mae to get the intern's stories publicized to get more proposals for 2019. Bob also suggested a blog post as a call for project proposals from the community at large - John to follow up with Mae on this.

No updates from Zowe or ADE.

z/VM Cloud Connector currently in IBM open sourcing process - no timetable for when that will be complete.

Bob shared a [proposal](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/attachment/398/0/CS%20305%20%20zOS%20security%20calls%20for%20remote%20authentication%20using%20Zowe.docx) for a VCU Capstone project to be funded by the TSC - the ask for funding is $5,000. Attendees generally liked the idea. John said he would take the proposal to the email list to approve.
---
title: "2018-12-13"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - December 7, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Mark Post, SUSE

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Boris Barth, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* John Arwe, IBM
* Dave Jones
* Usain Haider
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Rich Troth
* Russ Herrold

## Agenda

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* Cloudstack for z/VM Emeritus status update
* New project proposal - TerseDecompress ( https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/433 )
* Supported Projects Program update
  * Discussion on how to determine open source projects that build on s390x but have endian issues or other runtime problems

## Action Items

* Vote via email to approve TerseDecompress as Incubation stage project
* Mike Friesenegger to provide instructions to get z/VM Cloud Connector going

## Notes

Bob Dahlberg reports that there are some new project ideas coming in, and will be working on getting some blogs going to promote. John provisioned a GitHub organization for this and said he'd work with Bob to get this populated. Matt asked if Zowe projects could be included in the Internship program, which Bob indicated that he has seen great student interest in Zowe and thinks having some internship programs in this space would be a great addition.

Matt Hogstrom indicated that the Zowe project is on it's 5th beta release, and looking to do a GA release on 1/22/2019. Matt said the main holdup has been getting the last part of the code needing to be open sourced, which will be done by then. Matt said the focus for Zowe development in 2019 is around applications built on Zowe. Matt also indicated the work is beginning on transitioning the build process to the OMP infrastructure, and the CII badge progress is progressing as well. Matt has indicated that access to Z resources has been a huge challenge, and is hoping to see that change in 2019.

There was discussion on the proposed VCU infrastructure and the overall challenges of needing Z infrastructure to help drive more usage.

Matt Hogstrom asked if the VCU infrastructure could leverage z/VM Cloud Connector for provisioning
Mike Friesenegger offered to help get Matt Hogstrom and others interested going with using the project. Mike reported that the IBM China team is continuing to develop out the code while the internal IBM legal reviews are finishing up to bring the code into the OMP.

Boris presented on the new project proposal - TerseDecompress - for inclusion in the Open Mainframe Project. There was discussion on using this as the first part of a larger z/OS tools project, as there are a number of these that have been long abandoned and could be good open source projects. In the meantime, the group indicated starting with approving TerseDecompress as a project and then expanding the project scope as more tools are identified. John said he would do a vote via the mailing list.
