---
title: "2018-08-09"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - August 9, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM
* *vacant*, CA Technologies
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Enyu Wang, IBM

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Bruce Armstrong, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Mark Ackert, CA
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine
* Usman Haider

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:05pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
* Overview of Zowe APIs ( Matt Hogstrom )
* Recap on TSC process and governance proposed changes ( see https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/tree/20180718-tsc-process-proposal/process )

### Top Level Project Updates

#### Cloudstack

Mike MacIsaac indicated that the group is going over a document to agree on a set of RESTful APIs that systems can adhere to. There is some alignment with with Velocity and ADP on this API, but the existing IBM z/VM Cloud Connector work isn't aligned at the moment. There was discussion on the OpenStack upstream driver being based on the IBM z/VM Cloud Connector, which is making it difficult for that team to align to the RESTful API this group is being developed.

#### Internship

US Interships have wrapped up and EU has hit the midterm point, Bob Dahlberg has indicated that he's working to get those closed out. Intern backpacks are getting ready to be ordered as well. Bob and John will work on promotion of the interns work.

#### ADE

John indicated that the project is working to get awareness amongst Linux system adminstrators.

#### Zowe

Matt indicated that the project is slowly moving into the open source model. Announcement is at SHARE next week, with community process and code starting to land over the coming days.

### Overview of Zowe APIs ( Matt Hogstrom )

Matt Hogstrom did a presentation on Zowe to the group. All recieved it well with no notable concerns have come up.

### Review of TSC process and governance proposed changes

Mr. Mertic asked for any last feedback on the TSC governance and process documents before taking it to a vote. There was no feedback, and Mr. Mertic indicated he would have the TSC approve via email.

### Other business

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for September 13th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 2:02pm Eastern Time.
