---
title: "2018-05-10"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - May 10, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Phil Tully, ADP

### Voting members not in attendance:

* James Caffrey, IBM
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Vincent Terrone, AIG
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Mark Post, SUSE

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Russ Herrold
* Alan Clark, SUSE
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Steve Conger, ADP
* Harry Williams
* Dave Jones

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Cloudstack on z/VM
    * Ask of TSC for direction/feedback
  * Internship
  * ADE Updates
* Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans
* Update on moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub
* Sponsorship of VCU RamHacks 2018 Hackathon

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic shared that initial mentor/intern calls have been held and that the specific project plans are being worked on. No concerns or issues at this point.

Mr. Dahlberg shared the following via email:

"The Blockchain project had their first project meeting.  The other projects are still planning their first project meeting.  I will followup with all the project teams to ensure all teams are off to a good start."

### ADE Updates

Mr. Mertic had no updates on the refocus of the promotion of this project since the last TSC meeting.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Santalucia shared the governing board meeting discussion on the stalled status of this project. Mr. Tully indicated that the project should focus on building out a requirements document to which will define scope. Mr. Tully said he would engage in the next meeting of that project to move forward that process.

### Update on Marist/OSDL infrastructure program plans

Mr. Mertic indicated that there are some projects in the pipeline to leverage this infrastructure

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Tully said there was no update, but planned to work on this for the next meeting.

### Sponsorship of VCU RamHacks 2018 Hackathon

Mr. Santalucia shared details of this hackathon and asked for the TSC to approve funding. Mr. Mertic indicated he would bring this to a vote via email for the TSC.

### Other business

David Edelsohn is making progress with CentOS community. Mr. Mertic indicated he would like to discuss that offline as there is another effort ongoing to align the communities.

No other business was brought forward.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for June 14th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:19pm Eastern Time.
