# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - December 7, 2018

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Mark Post, SUSE

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Phil Tully, ADP
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Boris Barth, IBM
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP
* John Arwe, IBM
* Dave Jones
* Usain Haider
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Rich Troth
* Russ Herrold

## Agenda

* Top Level Project Updates
  * Internship
  * ADE
  * Zowe
  * z/VM Cloud Connector
* Cloudstack for z/VM Emeritus status update
* New project proposal - TerseDecompress ( https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/433 )
* Supported Projects Program update
  * Discussion on how to determine open source projects that build on s390x but have endian issues or other runtime problems

## Action Items

* Vote via email to approve TerseDecompress as Incubation stage project
* Mike Friesenegger to provide instructions to get z/VM Cloud Connector going

## Notes

Bob Dahlberg reports that there are some new project ideas coming in, and will be working on getting some blogs going to promote. John provisioned a GitHub organization for this and said he'd work with Bob to get this populated. Matt asked if Zowe projects could be included in the Internship program, which Bob indicated that he has seen great student interest in Zowe and thinks having some internship programs in this space would be a great addition.

Matt Hogstrom indicated that the Zowe project is on it's 5th beta release, and looking to do a GA release on 1/22/2019. Matt said the main holdup has been getting the last part of the code needing to be open sourced, which will be done by then. Matt said the focus for Zowe development in 2019 is around applications built on Zowe. Matt also indicated the work is beginning on transitioning the build process to the OMP infrastructure, and the CII badge progress is progressing as well. Matt has indicated that access to Z resources has been a huge challenge, and is hoping to see that change in 2019.

There was discussion on the proposed VCU infrastructure and the overall challenges of needing Z infrastructure to help drive more usage.

Matt Hogstrom asked if the VCU infrastructure could leverage z/VM Cloud Connector for provisioning
Mike Friesenegger offered to help get Matt Hogstrom and others interested going with using the project. Mike reported that the IBM China team is continuing to develop out the code while the internal IBM legal reviews are finishing up to bring the code into the OMP.

Boris presented on the new project proposal - TerseDecompress - for inclusion in the Open Mainframe Project. There was discussion on using this as the first part of a larger z/OS tools project, as there are a number of these that have been long abandoned and could be good open source projects. In the meantime, the group indicated starting with approving TerseDecompress as a project and then expanding the project scope as more tools are identified. John said he would do a vote via the mailing list.
