---
title: 2019-07-11
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - July 11, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Anjali Arora, Rocket Software
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Tatiana Balaburkina
* Dan Horak
* Rick Troth
* Mike MacIsaac
* Neale Ferguson
* David Edelsohn
* Meredith Stowell
* Peter Fandel
* Sean Grady

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * z/VM Cloud Connector
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow ( zOS Workflows )
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project proposal UPDATE - Open Z Systems Exchange ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/pull/37 ) by Joe Bostian and Peter Fandel

## Action Items

## Notes

Bob D shared that all mentorships are underway and progressing as scheduled, outside of two that haven't submitted thier project plans. The projects are on GitHub ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship ) which is going well now that the login and permissions issues are resolved. Dan H and Neale F shared that the students they are working with are doing well. Bob D also shared that he's had several people interested in doing projects.

Sean G shared updates on the next Zowe release which will have an updated installer that aligns with the tpyical z/OS experience. He also shared that the Zowe Conformance program should be finalized by end of month, which should bring more vendor products aligned with Zowe.

Peter discussed the latest proposal outlined at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/605, indicating that there still was work to do on internal approvals. TSC voting members in attendance recommended not voting for approval into Incubation until that is resolved.

Rick T brought up a question on Cameron Seay and some of the criticism he was recieving on LinkedIn regarding mainframe. Many offered to connect to him and support him, as well as have him more connected to the Open Mainframe Project

## Chat logs
