---
title: "2019-04-11"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - April 11, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Mark Post, SUSE

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Klaus Egeler
* Mike Friesenegger
* Hiren Shah
* Meredith Stowell
* Dan Horak
* Neale Ferguson
* Len Santalucia
* Ingo Adlung
* Gerald Fallon
* Rick Troth

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * z/VM Cloud Connector
    * TerseDecompress
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Zowe
* Follow up on project proposal - OSMF Workflows ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/z:OSMF%20Workflows.md )
* Report from meeting on OSS ecosytem on s390x.
* Demo of zJenkins ( https://github.com/edge05/zJenkins ) by Jerry Edgington

## Action Items

- John M to schedule call to discuss engagement with rejected interns and past interns
- John M to conduct vote to approve OSMF Workflows via email.

## Notes

Klaus said TerseDecompress is almost finalized, will work with John M to finish up.

Mike F said for z/VM Cloud Connector that he has been making some contributions, and would be happy to mentors others looking to contribute.

Bob D said all offers for the internship went out and contracts being processed. Rejection emails has went to those not accepted, many replied asking why they weren't. There was some discussion on the move to CommunityBridge going forward, changing the terminonlogy from internship to mentorship, and leveraging VCU infrastructure to come for these projects going forward. There was discussion how to ensure students not accepted are still engaged with the Open Mainframe Project.

John M reviewed the Zowe update at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/503

Hiran shared an update on the z/OSMF workflows project proposal. John M said he would work with Hiram on helping the repo organization. All voting members present said they were comfortable taking to the TSC voting list for approval.

John M shared the notes from the OSS Ecosystem calls at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/meetings/20190326-ossecosystem-call.md

## Chat logs
