---
title: "2019-01-10"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - January 10, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Phil Tully, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike Friensenegger
* Dan Horak
* David Edelsohn
* Rick Troth
* Len Santalucia
* Neale Ferguson
* Usman Haider

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * z/VM Cloud Connector
    * TerseDecompress
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Zowe
* Review PR ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/pull/22 )
* Supported Projects Program update
  * Discussion on how to determine open source projects that build on s390x but have endian issues or other runtime problems

## Action Items

* Rick Troth to present on CMSTAR, VMARC, and Curl next month.
* Mike F to share z/VM Cloud Connector getting started instructions
* John M to make list of ideas of projects to bring into OMP
* John M to move old proposed projects into 'historical' folder after consulting with mentors.

## Notes

No update on Atom plugins.

John M indicated that the z/VM Cloud Connector should be through IBM legal by end of week. Mike F apologized for not providing the getting started guide for the project and promised to provide those instructions on usage soon.

John M said TerseDecompress was approved and is in process of having the code being brought into the OMP repo. There was a discussion on additional projects to consider bringing in, with the following proposed by Rick T.

- ZNETBOOT
- CMSTAR
- VMARC
- Curl ( built using REXX )

John M said he would connect offline with Rick T on what it would mean to bring those projects into OMP. Rick T said he would present on the tools at the next TSC meeting.

No update on ADE.

Bob D said there has been 8 applicants for internship thus far, and he is expecting more as questions around applications have been coming in steadily. Bob D said the program is now open to high school students as well if they have the skills for the project they are proposing. Bob D indicated that the Project Ideas page needs cleaned up; John M indicated he could reach out to past year's projects and move them to a historical section if they are no longer valid. Dan H and Neale shared that they have been fielding intern interest. Neale said "I have two potential interns in contact with. One for boringssl (BTLS) and the other for docker image production. For the former I am going to enable BTLS for hardware acceleration and not adding explicit big endian support. By using the h/w acceleration libraries that comes with Linux on Z we will get big endian support even if the underlying box doesn't have the crypto facilities.

Zowe has addressed all external dependencies except ZSS, which Rocket Software has been working to open source the pieces needed by Zowe. High risk for January release, but there seems to be plans to mediate those. Matt H said that little ISV engagement at this point, but getting students are starting to participate. Matt H briefly discussed the ECVTCTBL slot assignment to OMP for projects being developed.

John M talked about the open PR for some updates on the process documents, would take discussion to the TSC list and a vote after a week.

"Discussion on how to determine open source projects that build on s390x but have endian issues or other runtime problems" was pushed to the March meeting for further discussion.

## Chat logs

12:59:34	 From John Mertic : Todays agenda is at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/meetings/20190110.md
13:47:43	 From Mike Friesenegger : Shameless IBM Systems webinar plug:  Three Ways to Extend Z for Security, Cloud and DevOps - https://event.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1222577&tp_key=b95cbc3654
