---
title: "2019-06-13"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - June 13, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Anjali Arora, Rocket Software
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Jerry Edgington
* Len Santalucia
* Mike Friesenegger
* Dan Horak
* Joe Bostian
* Michael Weiner
* Neale Ferguson
* Tatiana Balaburkina
* Troy Flagg
* Satish Godavarthi
* Hiren Shah
* Mike MacIssac
* Rich Troth
* Peter Fandel

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * z/VM Cloud Connector
    * TerseDecompress
    * zOS Workflows
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project proposal - Open Z Systems Exchange ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/pull/37 ) by Joe Bostian and Peter Fandel
    * Additional details at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/581
* Demo of zJenkins ( https://github.com/edge05/zJenkins ) by Jerry Edgington

## Action Items

## Notes

Mike F said that the SUSE open build service has packages for z/VM Cloud Connector now. Code moved over now to the OMP GitHub.

Hiren said the zOS Workflows project is starting to bring workflows into the project, and starting to bring in workflows from other IBM product teams and Rabobank.

Bob said the US intern is in progress, and the EU bonding period is underway. Bob is working with Community Bridge to get it setup correctly. Bob has also created repos at https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship for each mentorship project. Neale F gave an update on his Docker image work. Hiren asked details of how to get mentorship projects proposed.

Matt H said Zowe 1.3.0 got approved today. He also said that the group is focusing on process and governance in preparation for it's annual elections. He also said that they are MFA enabling the Zowe repo to increase security. There was also discussion on digitial signatures and validation for open source binaries being distributed by the Zowe project, as well as the VCU infrastructure for Zowe.

Joe B gave an update on the Open Z System Exchange project proposal. There were several concerns on the scope of the project, and John M suggested taking this conversation offline for further discussion.

Jerry E gave a demo of zJenkins

## Chat logs
