---
title: "2019-09-19"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - September 19, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies
* _vacant_, Rocket Software

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Dan Horak
* Hiren Shah
* David Edelsohn
* Mike MacIssac
* Mike Friesenegger
* Tatiana Balaburkina
* Joe Bostian
* Joe Devlin
* Jerry Edgington
* Dan Sinkovicz
* Neale Ferguson
* Peter Fandel
* Sean Grady

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus ( was Open Z Systems Exchange )
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Proposal to change name of TSC to TAC ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/foundation/pull/1 )
* Project Proposal - zJenkins ( https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/topic/new_project_proposal/33080852 )
* Project Proposal - K8s on LinuxOne ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/K8s%20on%20LinuxOne.md )

## Action Items

- John M to open votes for zJenkins and TSC->TAC rename
- All to provide new projects for mentees at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/proposed.md

## Recording

https://zoom.us/recording/share/1UJCDFDFguiQoq9GeZmmILILvhJ_YgIJhbAgjjCbbFCwIumekTziMw

## Notes

Mike F indicated that Feilong has started project meetings, with the second meeting earlier today. Johan from ICU IT suggested several enhancements they would like to see, and the community is starting to get interest on these contributions. Mike F and James Vincent are both co-chairs.

Joe Devlin indicated he wanted to get engaged with Open Z Systems Exchange. John M indicated the project name is moving to ''.

Hiren said he is starting to work with John M on regular meetings of the project to encourage more contributions. Big focus is getting more contributors involved.

There was lots of discussion for getting new mentorship project ideas, with a plan to go live with the program in the coming weeks.

Zowe is working on the release for 1.5.0 for next week. Sean also said they are working on LTS releases and getting greater community engagement.

Jerry E presented his proposal for ZJenkins, which attendees generally felt would be a good project for Open Mainframe Project to host. Phil asked John M to bring this to the TSC voting list for approval.

Mike F shared that the intern projects last year built guides for Kubernetes on various Linux distributions, and that there is a desire to take this work into a formal project that can act as a home for Kubernetes work on mainframe. Mike F indicated they would appreciate additional feedback and then would like to have the TSC vote on the proposal.

## Chat logs
