---
title: 2019-05-09
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - May 9, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Phil Tully, ADP
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Joe Devlin, Rocket Software
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia
* Jerry Edgington
* Joe Bostian
* Dan Horak
* Vincent Terrone
* David Edelsohn
* Ingo Adlung
* Rick Troth
* Mike MacIssac
* Hiren Shah
* Peter Fandel

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * z/VM Cloud Connector
    * TerseDecompress
    * zOS Workflows
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project proposal - Open Z Systems Exchange ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/pull/37 ) by Joe Bostian and Peter Fandel
* Demo of zJenkins ( https://github.com/edge05/zJenkins ) by Jerry Edgington

## Action Items

## Notes

z/VM Cloud Connector update from Ingo indicated that the current maintainers are feeling constrained on moving the codebase over to the OMP if significant contributions come in. Discussions are contining on how to proceed for maintainership going forward. Len felt the Open Mainframe Project's incubation stage is a great way to resolve these concerns.

Bob D said US Mentorship starts in a few weeks.

Matt H said Zowe 1.2 released recently, community working on build system and finalizing release processes. Several events planned over the next few months ( IDUG, SHARE, OSS NA ). A new project added in the past few weeks as well. Starting to use community repo for getting better idea collaboration.

Hiren said zOS Workflows is starting to form, getting others from IBM and Rabobank on the initial committers lists.

Joe Bostian presented on Open Z System Exchange. There was significant discussion on the scope of the project and if/how code is upstreamed. Joe B and Peter F agreed to put a few slides together to illustrate the project processes better and share via the email list to discuss at the next meeting of the TSC.

Jerry E provided an overview of ZJenkins. There was significant interest in the project, and Jerry said he would share the slides afterwards.

## Chat logs
