---
title: "2019-12-12"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - December 12, 2019

## Meeting Information

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#meetings

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/290221938

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs

### Meeting recordings

* [Video](20191212-video.mp4)
* [Audio](20191212-audio.m4a)
* [Transcript](20191212-transcript.vtt)
* [Chat Log](20191212-chatlog.txt)

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
* JP Linardon, Rocket Software

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Enyu Wang, IBM
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Peter Fandel
* Mike MacIsaac
* Dan Horak
* Joe Bostian
* Joe Devlin
* Ingo Adlung
* Hiren Shah

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong
    * Polycephaly
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Renewal of Incubation projects and criteria for considering Emertus status
* Project Proposal - K8s on LinuxOne ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/K8s%20on%20LinuxOne.md )

## Action Items

- John M to reach out to TSC leads of incubation projects ready for renewal, and ADE TSC chairperson.

## Notes

Peter F shared there were some business discussions happening at Rocket and IBM, and after that there will be numerous contributions from Rocket coming. Joe B shared that some templates are being added as well. There was some additional discussion on the project process.

Hiren said Zorow had it's first TSC meeting and is looking for more people to join the community. Hiren said there are numerous workflows contributed by the GTS team.

Bob D said that he has 10 projects for mentees to work on for the upcoming mentorship program this summer. Bob indicated that he would work to move the projects to GitHub and then we can announce the program.

JP said that Zowe 1.8 is planned for end of year, with work on the installer and virtual desktop.

There was a discussion on having a review of incubation projects for renewal - all agreed to do this at the next TAC meeting. There was also an ask to review ADE as it there hasn't been much activity on that project for some time. John M said he would reach out to the relevant TSC leads and ensure they are engaged.

## Chat logs
