---
title: "2019-10-10"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - October 10, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
* Mark Post, SUSE
* JP Linardon, Rocket Software
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Dan Horak
* Joe Devlin
* Mike MacIssac
* David Edelsohn
* Mark Ackert
* Sean Grady
* Ingo Adlung
* Walter Auetochs
* Peter Fandel

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus ( was Open Z Systems Exchange )
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project Proposal - K8s on LinuxOne ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/K8s%20on%20LinuxOne.md )
* Zoom/Zeus update - Mike MacIssac

## Action Items

- Enyu to follow up on potential CI announcements via email

## Notes

Joe Devlin shared that the Ambitus has launched, and that much of the work is focused on GCC support. Joe shared that he would like to pursue leveraging the Mentorship program to drive more contributors, with Bob Dahlberg sharing the success VCU has had here.

John M shared that Ambitus and Feilong have had thier initial TSC meetings and the cadence for future meetings.

There was a discussion on the domancy of the ADE project. Attendees recommended the TSC reach out to the project lead and determine it's status.

Bob D shared that the Mentorship summer program has finished, with mentees presenting at OSS EU Lyon later this month.  Bob D further shared that he is reviewing the processes for the program and seeing how to automate things better. The plan is to open applications for the 2020 Mentorship program before US Thanksgiving.

Zowe shared it's CUPIDS effort, which focuses on the installation and configuration experience for Zowe. Sean G shared the idea of an Open Mainframe Project conda server and was seeing if there is interest in hosting that. Zowe is also working on a LTSR for Zowe, as well as a general release cadence.

Mike MacIssac shared updates on Zoom and Zeus in the chat and discussed them with the attendees.

## Chat logs

13:03:01	 From John Mertic : * Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus ( was Open Z Systems Exchange )
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project Proposal - K8s on LinuxOne ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/K8s%20on%20LinuxOne.md )
13:04:46	 From John Mertic : * Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus ( was Open Z Systems Exchange )
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project Proposal - K8s on LinuxOne ( https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/proposals/K8s%20on%20LinuxOne.md )
13:05:02	 From John Mertic : https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/pull/66
13:09:58	 From John Mertic : https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship/resources/blob/master/proposed.md
13:12:11	 From John Mertic : https://people.communitybridge.org/
13:21:06	 From John Mertic : Projects only can enter the Emeritus Stage by either:

* On request from the project itself, requiring a supermajority votes of all active project committers
* By a supermajority vote of the TSC if there has been insufficent activity in the project over the course of 6 months.
13:24:35	 From John Mertic : https://github.com/openmainframeproject-internship/resources
13:38:19	 From Mike MacIsaac : zoom and zuess are ADP's internal "Private cloud on z" solution

1) New github project
   -) URL: https://github.com/mike99mac/zoom-zuess
   -) 1 file: README.md
   -) Need to get access to Internet to recursively upload files (>250)

2) Progress continues internally - "real-world driven design"
   -) Monitor data to a MySQL database
    o) VIR2REAL historic data
	o) Can view metrics by day/week/month/3-mon/6-mon/year/max using Charts.js
	o) Other z/VM and Linux metrics
    	# Columns in the zVMdata table in the monitorData database
        VMcols1="timestamp, systemID, numCPUs, numThreads, AVGPROC, PAGING, nonCMSmem, CMSmem, totMem,"
        VMcols2="VDISKmem, instMem, V2Rratio, VV2Rratio, nonCMSratio, instRatio"
        # Columns in the zVMdata table in the monitorData database
        linuxCols1="timestamp, hostName, numCPUs, loadAvg1min, loadAvg5min, loadAvg15min, CPUus, CPUsy, CPUid, CPUwa, CPUst,"
        linuxCols2="MemTotal, MemUsed, MemFree, MemBuffer, MemCached, BufCacheUsed, BufCacheFree, SwapT
13:40:33	 From John Mertic : SVN to Github migration -> https://help.github.com/en/articles/source-code-migration-tools
