# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - August 14, 2019

## Attendance

### Voting member Attendees:

* Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Internship )
* Mark Post, SUSE
* Matt Hogstrom, IBM ( Zowe )
* Enyu Wang, IBM

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Phil Tully, ADP
* Anjali Arora, Rocket Software
* James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Neale Ferguson
* Dan Horak
* Tatiana Balaburkina
* Mike Friesenegger
* David Edelsohn
* Joe Bostian
* Dan Pavel
* Joe Devlin
* Rick Troth
* Len Santalucia

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Atom plugins
    * Feilong ( was z/VM Cloud Connector )
    * TerseDecompress
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Project proposal UPDATE - Open Z Systems Exchange ( https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/g/omp-tsc/message/622 ) by Joe Bostian and Peter Fandel

## Action Items

- John M and Bob D to plan for next year's Mentorship program and CommunityBridge
- Joe D, Bob D, Len S, Neale F, and Matt H to work on plans for VCU infrastructure
- Joe B to share proposal updates and then John M to start vote on Monday

## Notes

z/VM Cloud Connector has been renamed Feilong. Feilong, TerseDecompress, and Zorow will all be publically announced next week via a news release.

Hiren shared that Zorow was discussed at SHARE in sessions and there is good traction in the community. Joe Bostian will present on Zorow at OSSNA next week during the Open Source on Mainframe mini-summit. Hiren shared that Rabobank is contributing along with IBM and he is looking for more contributors.

Bob D shared that Community Bridge doesn't scale and we should look into what to do going forward. Would also be good to start advertising for 2020. Mentees will be presenting at OSSEU in October.

Matt H shared Zowe had it's 1.4 release and 1 year anniversary last week. Zowe held a meetup 8/4 at Broadcom offices in Pittsburgh with 30 attendees. Zowe Conformance program to go public 8/20 with many offerings to be part of the launch. Matt also shared the mentees working on the Zowe project are making good progress and impact on the project. There was discussion on the VCU infrastructure and next steps, along with a plan for sysprog services for the box and Zowe. Joe D, Bob D, and Matt H all voluntered to take part in that work.

Joe Bostian shared updates on the plans for the Open Z Systems Exchange project and answered several questions from the community about this project. Joe said he would share a few update to the proposal on the tsc email list and then a vote will occur next week.

## Chat logs
