---
title: "2020-01-09"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - January 9, 2020

## Meeting Information

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#meetings

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/290221938

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs

### Meeting recordings

* [Video](20200109-video.mp4)
* [Audio](20200109-audio.m4a)
* [Transcript](20200109-transcript.vtt)
* [Chat Log](20200109-chatlog.txt)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [X] Phil Tully, ADP
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom
- [X] Enyu Wang, IBM
- [X] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE
- [ ] _vacant_ ( Zowe )
- [X] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike MacIsaac
* Vincent Terrone
* Rick Troth
* JP Linardon
* Joe Devlin
* Sean Grady
* Jinjun Xiong
* Dan Horak
* Joe Bostian
* Ingo Adlung
* Len Santalucia

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus
    * Atom plugins
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Feilong
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Polycephaly
    * TerseDecompress
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
      * Discuss project activity
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Licensing
* Travis CI support of Z

## Action Items

* Ingo A to follow up with John Arwe on Atom Plugins and Klaus around TerseDecompress
* John M to follow up with zigi project for future TAC meetings
* Enyu and John M to engage TravisCI to participate in OMP community

## Notes

Peter F said that Ambitus is reviewing Anaconda for deploying Ambitus ported projects to end users. Joe B said the project is also focusing on driving content on open source projects on z/OS. Peter F shared that Rocket is resolving the primary staffing needs for GCC.

Ingo said he would follow up with John Arwe on the state of the Atoms plugins.

The Feilong project was brought to a vote to approve renewing it's incubation status for 12 more months. Phil T made the motion to approve, Peter F seconded, and all TAC members in attendance unianimosuly approved.

Ingo said he would chat with Klaus around TerseDecompress.

James Caffery said ADE is getting some viewing traffic, not too much contributions. There is a mentee interested in working this summer to add support for nginx and spark logs. James is hoping to see more parsers and anayltics as time grows.

Mentorship program was launched for 2020. There was a question around what mentors should do with mentees contacting them directly; John M said they should work with mentees to understand the project and help them if they wish to submit. John M said he would give mentors view access to the list of applicants.

JP Linardon reported that Zowe 1.8 is coming soon, and the onboarding squad is reviewing the Zowe Conformance Program for 2020.

Rick Troth asked about licensing VMLINK. The group generally stayed away from providing licensing advice, indicating any OSI compliant license is sufficent. John M pointed Rick to the Open Mainframe Project contribution guidelines for ideas as well.

Enyu announced that TravisCI now supports s390x for Linux. There was further discussion on getting them more involved in the OMP community.

Peter F shared the zigi project ( https://zigi.rocks/ ), which many in the group liked. John M said he would follow up with the project leads to see if they want to present at a future meeting.
