---
title: "2020-02-13"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 13, 2020

## Meeting Information

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#meetings

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/290221938

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs

### Meeting recordings

* [Video](20200213-video.mp4)
* [Audio](20200213-audio.m4a)
* [Transcript](20200213-transcript.vtt)
* [Chat Log](20200213-chatlog.txt)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [X] Phil Tully, ADP
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom
- [ ] Enyu Wang, IBM
- [X] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE
- [ ] _vacant_ ( Zowe )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [X] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )

Quorum achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Mike MacIssac
* Dan Horak
* Len Santalucia
* Joe Devlin
* Mark Ackert
* Neale Ferguson
* Vincent Terrone
* Mike Friesenegger
* Rick Troth
* James Vincent

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus
    * Atom plugins
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Feilong
    * Polycephaly
    * TerseDecompress
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Projects potentially to be proposed
  * Academic/learning materials
  * Hyperledger Fabric for s390x
  * Open Source project discovery for s390x

## Action Items

- Ingo to follow up on status of Atom plugins and TerseDecompress

## Notes

Joe Devlin shared that Ambitus is moving slowly, and there is discussion on potential port that might be included that are being maintained by other organizations. There was some discussion on the differences in supporting ports on s390x versus other architecture projects.

Phil Tully suggested postponing discussion on renewal of incubation status of Atom plugins and TerseDecompress until Ingo reports back.

James Vincent shared an update on the CI/CD infrastructure status, with the aim of converting the existing Zowe CI/CD to be a common OMP CI/CD. Phil shared that there is a call next week to discuss this. Mike Friesenegger shared that he is working to get more contributors to the project outside of IBM to drive more requirements.

Bob Dahlberg shared that we are slightly behind last year's applicants, but there were some form issues that likely were blocking things. Bob shared that he has a flyer for schools to use, with the aim of helping drive a larger diversity of mentees to apply. Bob shared that mentees shouldn't need to contact the mentors prior to applying, and that any mentees should be directed to apply and then the scope will be determined after the selection period. Bob said if there are questions or additional things to clarify the project, it should be added to the project description itself.

Peter Fandel said Zowe 1.8 was released last week, and 1.9 is targeted towards for end of February. John Mertic shared that the ZLC is in the process of being re-elected, and that the Zowe project is updating it's logo.

John M shared updates on potential projects that he's heard of being discussed as potential proposed projects, indicating that he would be happy to include anyone in the discussions if there is interest.
