---
title: 2020-03-12
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - March 12, 2020

## Meeting Information

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#meetings

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/290221938

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs

### Meeting recordings

* [Video](20200312-video.mp4)
* [Audio](20200312-audio.m4a)
* [Transcript](20200312-transcript.vtt)
* [Chat Log](20200312-chatlog.txt)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP
- [ ] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom
- [X] Enyu Wang, IBM
- [ ] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software
- [ ] Mark Post, SUSE
- [ ] _vacant_ ( Zowe )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )

Quorum NOT achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia
* Dan Horak
* Joe Bostian
* Joe Devlin
* Ingo Adlung
* Rick Troth
* Mike Friesenegger
* David Edelsohn
* Hiren Shah
* Vincent Terrone

## Agenda

* Project Updates
  * Incubating
    * Ambitus
    * Atom plugins
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Feilong
    * Polycephaly
    * TerseDecompress
      * Discuss renewal of incubation status
    * Zorow
  * Active
    * ADE
    * Mentorship
    * Zowe
* Projects potentially to be proposed
  * Academic/learning materials
  * Hyperledger Fabric for s390x
  * Open Source project discovery for s390x

## Action Items

- Ingo to follow up with the project leads for Atom plugins and TerseDecompress for updates.
- John Mertic to connect Joe Devlin and David Edelsohn to the 'Open Source project discovery for s390x' project planning effort.

## Notes

Joe Devlin suggested that the Ambitus project has conflicts with other IBM initiatives. There was significant discussions on the concerns, and the suggestion was to escalate this to the Open Mainframe Project Governing Board representative for IBM to get clarity on two points.

- Does Ambitus's current scope conflict with internal IBM existing and emerging efforts?
- Lack of Z infrastructure holding back existing and potential OMP projects?

Ingo Adlung said he has be unable to contact the project leads for Atom plugins and TerseDecompress for updates, but will do so before the next TAC meeting.

Mike F shared updates on the progress of the CI/CD infrastructure, along with efforts on getting online Z infrastructure and testing. Mike F also shared that there is a code contribution review planned for the next Feilong TSC meeting, scheduled for Thursday, March 19th, 2020 at 8:30am US Eastern Time.

John M shared the following update from Jerry Edgington:

"We have been working Infinity, Inc, to get a z/OS build environment setup for the Polycephaly project.  But, I don’t have any updates about VCU, at all.  Next meeting, will be March 16, 2020, and the agenda has created on Github.

https://github.com/openmainframeproject/polycephaly/blob/master/meetings/20200316.md"

Hiren S shared that Zorow is also having every other week TSC meetings, but attendance has been poor. Hiren S asked for help in driving interest, and there was some discussion on tactics. Len Santalucia offered to host Zorow on an upcoming webinar.

John Mertic shared the updates on the Mentorship and Zowe projects.

David Edelsohn shared concerns on the 'Open Source project discovery for s390x', and discussion ensued on that topic. John Mertic offered to connect any interested parties to that project's planning efforts.
