---
title: "2020-05-14"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 14, 2020

## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22

| Timezone | Date/Time |
|----------|-----------|
| America/Los_Angeles | Thu 14-May-2020 10:00 (10:00 AM) |
| America/Denver | Thu 14-May-2020 11:00 (11:00 AM) |
| America/Chicago | Thu 14-May-2020 12:00 (12:00 PM) |
| America/New_York | Thu 14-May-2020 13:00 (01:00 PM) |
| Europe/London | Thu 14-May-2020 18:00 (06:00 PM) |
| Europe/Amsterdam | Thu 14-May-2020 19:00 (07:00 PM) |
| Asia/Shanghai | Fri 15-May-2020 01:00 (01:00 AM) |
| Asia/Tokyo | Fri 15-May-2020 02:00 (02:00 AM) |

Or in your local time:
* https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2020-05-14T17:00:00

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: https://zoom.us/j/290221938

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs

### Meeting recordings

* [Video](20200514-video.mp4)
* [Audio](20200514-audio.m4a)
* [Transcript](20200514-transcript.vtt)
* [Chat Log](20200514-chatlog.txt)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom
- [X] Enyu Wang, IBM
- [X] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [X] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [ ] _vacant_ ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees

- John Mertic
- Guilherme Cartier
- Yvette LaMar
- Deborah Carbo
- Dan Horak
- Mike Friesenegger
- Joe Bostian
- Cliff Sokol
- Vincent Terrone
- Joe Devlin
- Len Santalucia
- Sean Grady
- Sujay Solomon
- Hiren Shah
- Viviane Sanches
- Matt Hogstrom
- Rick Troth
- Elizabeth Joseph
- Ingo Adlung
- Meredith Stowell

## Agenda

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* Project updates ( list at https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#tac-projects )
* New Project Proposal - Open Mainframe Education (name TBD) [#109](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/109)
* Discuss concept of establishing SIG/Working Group programs [#107](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/107)
* Atom plugins is up for graduation [#104](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/104)
* TerseDecompress incubation renewal [#103](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/103)
* Zorow incubation renewal [#102](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/102)
* Enabling GitHub Actions for OMP Hosted projects [#99](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/99)

## Action Items

- Interested parties engage in next Zorow TSC meeting 5/21 at 2pm ET
- John Arwe to seek new maintainer for Atom plugins project

## Notes

Project updates:

Ambitus - TSC has been meeting, and are looking at adding some additional code samples, looking at new projects in include going forward.

Atom - have maintainer ask the omp-techincal list to see if someone is interested in taking over, otherwise have him recommend for Emeritus.

Feilong - CI/CD Infrastructure in progress working with LF RE team and Vicom Infinity, next steps is to get the connections to GitHub Actions. Also 2nd level VMs are being provisioned for community development ( using Zowe )

Zorow - Working to establish more participation, getting traction has been a challenge. Sean G asked if there was any plans to make the workflows more indexable. Lots of discussion on possible adding new code and depth to the project, discussion moving to next Zorow TSC meeting.

Zowe - PI planning concept moving forward, continued work on alignment on the techincal front. New squad added 'Zowe Explorer' to focus on IDE integrations ( starting with VS Code )

Mentorship - 11 projects, 1 submitted project plan. Putting together operational pieces in GitHub and Community Bridge.

Discussion on possible COBOL working group; proposal being prepared by Cameron Seay that could bring together some of the efforts in the space.

Yvette M and Deborah G presented on the Open Mainframe Education proposal. Motion to include from Bob D, second from Enyu W, approved unanimously.
