---
parent: Meetings
title: "2021-10-28"
---

# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - October 28, 2021**

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall

- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [x] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x] Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [ ] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x] Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

_Quorum Achieved._

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic
* Yarille Kilborn
* **Jerry Edgington**
* **Len Santalucia**
* **Sam Golob**
* **Kip Twitchell**
* **Ingo Adlung**
* **Sarah Julia Kriesch**
* **Alexander Efremkin**
* **David Edelsohn**
* **Elizabeth Joseph**


## **Agenda**

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* Polycephaly annual review [#280](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zT4dC2&si=8000000006046639&pi=a9af3f9d-2b77-4e54-9fd0-a3c5f4364cf6)
* Discuss badging for projects [#265](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zT4Hg2&si=8000000006046639&pi=a9af3f9d-2b77-4e54-9fd0-a3c5f4364cf6)
* TerseDecompress incubation renewal [#103](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zS4vH2&si=8000000006046639&pi=a9af3f9d-2b77-4e54-9fd0-a3c5f4364cf6)
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )

## **Notes**

Mr. Edgington provided an update on Polycephaly and mentioned they are still looking for developers. It has been difficult due to COVID. 

* Resolution: Extend Polycephaly incubation for one more year. Mr. Twitchell motions and Mr. Grady seconded to carry the resolution forward, everyone approved.

Mr. Mertic reviewed badging for projects. Members asked how the badges worked to obtain and renew.

TerseDecompress incubation renewal was discussed. Mr. Twitchell suggested renewing for six months.

Members provided updates on their projects.

**Linux Distributions Working Group**

Proposed and approved. Supercede Debian Working Group. 

Slack channel and email list were created.

**Next Meeting \
**November 11, 2021, 1:00pm EST
