---
title: "2021-05-27"
parent: Meetings
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 27, 2021

## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

| Timezone | Date/Time |
|----------|-----------|
| America/Los_Angeles | Thu 27-May-2021 10:00 (10:00 AM) |
| America/Denver | Thu 27-May-2021 11:00 (11:00 AM) |
| America/Chicago | Thu 27-May-2021 12:00 (12:00 PM) |
| America/New_York | Thu 27-May-2021 13:00 (01:00 PM) |
| Europe/London | Thu 27-May-2021 18:00 (06:00 PM) |
| Europe/Amsterdam | Thu 27-May-2021 19:00 (07:00 PM) |
| Asia/Shanghai | Fri 28-May-2021 01:00 (01:00 AM) |
| Asia/Tokyo | Fri 28-May-2021 02:00 (02:00 AM) |

Or in your local time:
* [https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-05-27T17:00:00](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-05-27T17:00:00) 

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: [https://zoom.us/j/290221938](https://zoom.us/j/290221938)

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: [https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs](https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs)

[Meeting recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ES5oEHz_RWCleRMBL2dLwjOPFHq_ZUp5?usp=sharing)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Javier Perez, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [X] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [X] Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees

- Mike MacIsaac, ADP
- Joe Winchester, IBM
- Alex Kim, Vicom Infinity
- Dan Horák, Red Hat
- Sandy Peresie
- Lauren Valenti, Broadcom
- Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
- Len Santalucia Vicom Infinity
- Ulrich Weigand, IBM
- David Edelsohn, IBM
- Mark Ackert, Broadcom

## Agenda

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* Mainframe Open Education Incubation renewal [#198](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/198)
* POC for LFX Chat/Matrix [#191](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/191)
* Debian s390x support [#140](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/140)
* Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

## Action Items


## Notes



*   **John M**: Javier Perez will take over the TAC voting seat in-place of Enyu Wang
    *   **Javier **gave a brief introduction of his background and his role
*   **Lauren: Mainframe Open Education Project  Incubation renewal **presentation
    *   The project has focused on the agreed to framework for the last year
    *   The team has presented at many events, have done blogs, and created videos
    *   The team wants to get new professionals acquainted with the mainframe
    *   Results of a survey will be ready by May 31st
    *   A platform for the material must be identified, github, YouTube, etc
    *   Feedback from the OMP team will help
    *   **Sean G**: Is there another step to integrate the OMP?
        *   **Lauren**: Yes, we will build that in.
    *   **Bob D**: The OMP TAC team can also add their own expertise.
    *   **John M**: Asked to vote on extending the incubation period for **Open Mainframe Education Project**
        *   The vote unanimous - Mainframe Open Education incubation phase extended for another year
*   **Sean G**:** LFX chat** has a lot of good features, but Slack is required by some organizations, and has a better track record.
    *   **Mike F**: will discuss chat options with the Feilong team.
    *   **Alex**: Who will manage the chat servers?
        *   **John**: The Linux Foundation
*   **John M**: **Debian support for s390x**
    *   Debian team is concerned there aren’t enough maintainers, so s390x could be dropped
    *   **Ulrich W**: clarified - it’s not so much packages, as there is a need for an overall maintainer - previous developers in this role have moved on - ideally a non-IBMer would be in this  role or maybe two people
    *   **David E**: A lot of knowledge of the build process, and low-level details of the boot process of s390x are needed. 
    *   **Mark P**:  Canonical should be involved as Ubuntu is based on Debian
        *   **John M**: There were some discussions with Canonical - not sure of the results
        *   **Mike M**: will reach out to a former s390x colleague who is now at Canonical
    *   **John**: What is the timeline for this maintainer?
        *   Ulrich: The time may have already passed
    *   **Johh/Bob**: discussion on whether this is a good role for a mentee. Is there someone who would be a mentor in the Fall cohort?
        *   **Ulrich**: I may not be the best person, but I could help.
        *   **Bob D**: A definition of the project is needed.
        *   **Len S**: Mike M, can you get a name from Canonical who will be a contact?
            *   **Mike**: I’ll try
        *   **Dave E**: The previous maintainer did not have a main point of contact. Could the OMP take on this role?
        *   **John M** and **Bob D** discussed how this could be moved forward
        *   **David E**: I propose that the OMP take on the role of being the point of contact.
            *   **Bob D**: Agree this should be an action item 
            *   **Ulrich Weigand**: I will help
        *   A starting group will be John, Bob, David and Ulrich
*   Around the room on **project status  **
    *   **Mentorship **- Summer Mentorships start Monday (June 1) - 16 Mentees
    *   **Ambitus**
    *   **CBT Tape **- Sam Golob: one retiree updating new releases
    *   **Consolez - **Mike Maclsaac
    *   Mike Fresengger: **Feilong**
    *   Sandy Peresie - **GenevaERS**
    *   Sandy Peresie - **Open z/OS **- download systems programmer’s tools - automated tools
