---
parent: Meetings
title: 2021-07-08
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - July 8, 2021

## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

| Timezone | Date/Time |
|----------|-----------|
| America/Los_Angeles | Thu 08-Jul-2021 10:00 (10:00 AM) |
| America/Denver | Thu 08-Jul-2021 11:00 (11:00 AM) |
| America/Chicago | Thu 08-Jul-2021 12:00 (12:00 PM) |
| America/New_York | Thu 08-Jul-2021 13:00 (01:00 PM) |
| Europe/London | Thu 08-Jul-2021 18:00 (06:00 PM) |
| Europe/Amsterdam | Thu 08-Jul-2021 19:00 (07:00 PM) |
| Asia/Shanghai | Fri 09-Jul-2021 01:00 (01:00 AM) |
| Asia/Tokyo | Fri 09-Jul-2021 02:00 (02:00 AM) |

Or in your local time:
* [https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-07-08T17:00:00](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-07-08T17:00:00) 

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: [https://zoom.us/j/290221938](https://zoom.us/j/290221938)

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: [https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs](https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs)

[Meeting recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [x] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Javier Perez, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Tatiana Balaburkina, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [ ] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x] Sean Grady ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees


## Agenda

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* COBOL Working Group annual review [#226](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/226)
* POC for LFX Chat/Matrix [#191](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/191)
* Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

## Action Items

* [Open Mainframe Summit CFP](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-mainframe-summit/program/cfp/#overview ) closes July 16, 2021
* Zowe project review at next TAC meeting
* Start sharing OMP projects idea for OMP Mentorship fall submissions
    * Looking for a maintainer for Debian on s390x

## Notes

COBOL Working Group annual review
* Derek Britton presenting
* Details of the working group is available in a [Word document](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/files/6786064/COBOLWGJulyStatus.docx)
* Progress from last year
    * Just formed within the last year
    * Recruitment of members
    * Online survey with 300 global responses
    * Awareness
    * Technical subproject
    * COBOL training
* TAC approves renewing the CWG for another year

POC for LFX Chat/Matrix
* Feedback from Zowe and Geneva ERS
    * Kip Twitchell reported that they ran into some technical issue and reported them
* Looking for additional projects interested in joining the POC

Project updates
* Zowe update given by Sean Grady
* COBOL Training Course given by Joe Winchester (Sudarshna was absent)
* Consolez update given by Michael MacIsaac
* Feilong update given by Mike Friesenegger
* GenevaERS update given by Kip Twitchell
* OMP Education update given by Yvette LaMar
* Tessia update given by Alexander Efremkin
* Zorow update given by Hiren Shah
* Open z/OS Enablement update given by Kip Twitchell
* Debian working group update given by Javier Perez

