---
parent: Meetings
title: "2021-09-09"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - September 9, 2021

## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

| Timezone | Date/Time |
|----------|-----------|
| America/Los_Angeles | Thu 09-Sep-2021 10:00 (10:00 AM) |
| America/Denver | Thu 09-Sep-2021 11:00 (11:00 AM) |
| America/Chicago | Thu 09-Sep-2021 12:00 (12:00 PM) |
| America/New_York | Thu 09-Sep-2021 13:00 (01:00 PM) |
| Europe/London | Thu 09-Sep-2021 18:00 (06:00 PM) |
| Europe/Amsterdam | Thu 09-Sep-2021 19:00 (07:00 PM) |
| Asia/Shanghai | Fri 10-Sep-2021 01:00 (01:00 AM) |
| Asia/Tokyo | Fri 10-Sep-2021 02:00 (02:00 AM) |

Or in your local time:
* [https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-09-09T17:00:00](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-09-09T17:00:00) 

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: [https://zoom.us/j/290221938](https://zoom.us/j/290221938)

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938#  or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

    US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: [https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs](https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs)

[Meeting recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing)

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [x] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x] Tatiana Balaburkina, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x] Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [x] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x] Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees

- John Mertic (Linux Foundation)
- Dan Horák (Red Hat)
- David Edelsohn (IBM)
- Chien Yueh (ASG/Rocket)
- Alexander Efremkin (IBM)
- Walter Church
- Joe Devlin
- Divya Goswami
- Dave Jones
- Hiren Shah

## Agenda

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* Atom Plugins Annual Review [#256](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/256)
* POC for LFX Chat/Matrix [#191](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/191)
* TerseDecompress incubation renewal [#103](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/103)
* Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

## Action Items


## Notes


* Walter Church - **Atom plugins** annual review
    * Intern cleaned up plugin code base as a summer project
    * Walter to update description for PL/X plugin to reference PL/I, since PL/X is internal to IBM
    * Sean Grady - can we get a common place at the OMP to list cross-editor syntax highlighting capabilities?  John Mertic - we may be able to use the OMP wiki.
    * Next work item is transition to Tree Sitter parser code base
    * TAC approved incubation for another year
* Skip LFX discussion this time, not much progress to report
* New maintainer for TerseDecompress.
    * Located in Australia, communication timeframe is difficult
    * Kip Twitchell - could communicate through alternate weeks from the GenevaERS TSC to make interfacing with the TAC easier to accomplish from the Asia-Pacific region
* Project Updates
    * GenevaERS - Kip Twitchell
    * Mentorship - Bob Dahlberg
        * Mentees from this past summer paid for the year.  Looking for 12 projects for the next year.  Please submit opportunities under “proposed topics” in github
        * Look into badges or certificates to recognize mentees who complete their mentorship
    * Zowe - Sean Grady
        * RC1 for release 1.24 is coming
        * Javascript issue with tar package was resolved in a timely fashion
        * Finalizing principles document
    * Feilong update (provided by email ):
        * Ji Chen of IBM lead the August meeting
            * He provided a roadmap update and highlighted potential areas where the Feilong community could contribute
        * The September meeting happened on the 8th with the following highlights
            * Review of August meeting
            * Discussed OMP Summit and Feilong presentation
            * Started discussion about Tessia and Feilong areas of technical integration
* October meeting agenda topics include
    * Use OMP Summit Feilong presentation for promotion on OMP Feilong home page
    * Continue discussion about Tessia and Feilong integration
    * Update on project graduation
    * Ambitus - Joe Bostian
        * Focus now on 3 projects - Kobotoolbox, Containerized Elastic stack, and Portainer
    * Education - Bob Dahlberg
    * Tessia - Alexander Efremkin
    * Zorow - Hiren Shah
        * Looking into how z/OSMF and Ansible can interact well

Canceling the TAC meeting in 2 weeks (9/23) because of the overlap with the Open Mainframe Summit.
