---
title: "2021-03-11"
parent: Meetings
---
# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - March 11, 2021


## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Timezone</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Date/Time</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Los_Angeles
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 09:00 (09:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Denver
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 10:00 (10:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Chicago
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 11:00 (11:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/New_York
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 12:00 (12:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Europe/London
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 17:00 (05:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Europe/Amsterdam
   </td>
   <td>Thu 11-Mar-2021 18:00 (06:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Asia/Shanghai
   </td>
   <td>Fri 12-Mar-2021 01:00 (01:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Asia/Tokyo
   </td>
   <td>Fri 12-Mar-2021 02:00 (02:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Or in your local time:

*   [https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-03-11T17:00:00](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-03-11T17:00:00)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: [https://zoom.us/j/290221938](https://zoom.us/j/290221938)

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938# or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):


```
US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)
```

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: [https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs](https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs)


### Meeting recording

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/19m3V9CAbE52rpIWcsH3VVJ3bZslxd8-N?usp=sharing

## Attendance

### Voting member rollcall:

- [X] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] Enyu Wang, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] Peter Fandel, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [X] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [X] Sean Grady ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees

- John Mertic
- Michael MacIsaac
- Mike Friesenegger
- Sandy Peresie
- Alexander Efremkin
- Dan Hor√°k
- Ingo Adlung
- Len Santalucia
- Meredith Stowell
- David Edelsohn
- Hiren Shah
- Yongkook Kim
- Sam Golob

## Agenda

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

*   Mentorship program - recruiting mentors [#185](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/185)
*   Proposed revisions to Project Lifecycle and TAC processes [#184](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/184)
*   Interest in Google Season of Docs [#187](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/187)
*   Project updates ( list at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#tac-projects](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac#tac-projects) )

## Notes

Bob Dahlberg shared that the mentorship program has expanded quite a bit since last year, with spring, summer, and fall sessions, along with a Google Summer of Code potential. There is a continual need for projects for these mentorships, please submit your mentorship projects at [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jSQ6Adl7-vDoVZ-dWhc4sD4GQXxikBwImY418Ge5gJg/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jSQ6Adl7-vDoVZ-dWhc4sD4GQXxikBwImY418Ge5gJg/edit?usp=sharing)

John M indicated Open Mainframe Project was not accepted as a GSoC organization.

Gregory MacKinnon reviewed the proposal revisions to the project lifecycle and TAC processes. Generally TAC members liked the changes. There were some questions on defining what being based on commercial software meant, John suggested that the principles document be a way to resolve that. TAC members agreed to discuss via mailing list and come back to the next TAC meeting to approve.

John asked if any projects wish to take part in Google Season of Docs that they comment on that GH issue.

Sam Golob provided a very thankful feedback to the TAC on the project impacts and growth since coming into Open Mainframe Project.

GenevaERS Update:

Working towards out first release: This month we worked on different offerings for installation and testing, putting final touches on the workbench with regards to security password issues and have decided on documentation tooling.  We are also making progress on poc.

Zowe shared some updates on releases and progress.
