---
parent: Meetings
title: "2021-12-09"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - December 9, 2021


## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

[Meeting recording](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3HbfKg3JFvN1W43QJhh1JxwY5W1Lwv934kCBw8W43SMZw49Rd6fW1VxfWz2Rlc8KW2HJnmS1_f3KpW3Y2-Xv4kBPnSW2nF1T54kl46TW2kcjnC2ffmsyf49M8XD04&si=8000000006046639&pi=fddb1ae1-7b26-4b98-a93a-de91fb0a4e87)


## Attendance


### Voting member rollcall:

- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [X] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [X] Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [X] Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [X] Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

### Other Attendees

* John Mertic
* Yarille Kilborn
* David Edelsohn
* Dan Horak 
* Matt Hogstrom
* Alexander Efremkin
* Len Santalucia
* Mike Friesenegger
* Yvette LaMar
* Hiren Shah
* Cameron Seay
* Michael MacIssac
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Joe Winchester

## Agenda

Extracted from **meeting-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from **openmainframeproject/tac** prior to the meeting.

* Discuss Ambassador Program [#290](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zT4dD2&si=8000000006046639&pi=fddb1ae1-7b26-4b98-a93a-de91fb0a4e87)
* Mentorship annual review [#286](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zT4N22&si=8000000006046639&pi=fddb1ae1-7b26-4b98-a93a-de91fb0a4e87)
* Discuss badging for projects [#265](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zT4Hg2&si=8000000006046639&pi=fddb1ae1-7b26-4b98-a93a-de91fb0a4e87)
* Present [2022 Goals and Objectives](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/foundation/blob/main/goals/2022.pdf)
* TerseDecompress incubation renewal [#103](https://t.sidekickopen84.com/s3t/c/5/f18dQhb0S7kF8cFn5ZW2fM7zX59hl3kW7_k2841CXdp3VQ0ptF7v4BRNW2dykdq6RGRHh101?te=W3R5hFj4cm2zwW3P28X24hCPvhW43T4P345Nq0SW3zbVms49HS1QW45TRgK3K2B1SW4fDX7N3T3qBcw3K96zS4vH2&si=8000000006046639&pi=fddb1ae1-7b26-4b98-a93a-de91fb0a4e87)
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )


## Action Items


## Notes

**Mentorship Review** \
Mr. Dahlberg provided an update on the Mentorship program. Mr. Twitchell asked what the impact/success of the mentorship program is having on the mentees after completion. He also reviewed the process for the selection of the mentees. Mr. Dahlberg is looking to start Mentorship committee meetings after finals.

**Ambassador Program** \
Mr. Winchester shared his positive experience with the program. Mr. Twitchell expressed interest in joining in the future and asked what the impact has been thus far. Mr. Dahlberg suggested having participants create videos that live on YouTube explaining what they are ambassadors for. 

No update for TerseDecompress. Mr. Mertic will assist with reviving that conversation.

**2022 Goals and Objectives** \
Mr. Mertic reviewed the plan for 2022. The presentation is available in GitHub for everyone to review and bring any questions to the next meeting in January
