---
parent: Meetings
title: "2021-06-10"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - June 10, 2021


## Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second Thursday of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)


<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Timezone
   </td>
   <td>Date/Time
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Los_Angeles
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 10:00 (10:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Denver
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 11:00 (11:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/Chicago
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 12:00 (12:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>America/New_York
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 13:00 (01:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Europe/London
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 18:00 (06:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Europe/Amsterdam
   </td>
   <td>Thu 10-Jun-2021 19:00 (07:00 PM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Asia/Shanghai
   </td>
   <td>Fri 11-Jun-2021 01:00 (01:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Asia/Tokyo
   </td>
   <td>Fri 11-Jun-2021 02:00 (02:00 AM)
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Or in your local time:



*   [https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-06-10T17:00:00](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/?iso=2021-06-10T17:00:00)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.


### Conference call details

Join from PC, Mac, Linux, iOS or Android: [https://zoom.us/j/290221938](https://zoom.us/j/290221938)

Or iPhone one-tap :

US: +16465588656,,290221938# or +16699006833,,290221938#

Or Telephone:

Dial(for higher quality, dial a number based on your current location):

US: +1 646 558 8656  or +1 669 900 6833  or +1 855 880 1246 (Toll Free) or +1 877 369 0926 (Toll Free)

Meeting ID: 290 221 938

International numbers available: [https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs](https://zoom.us/zoomconference?m=4ywiZErrEEDIHL6VXNjfZ-PXcfjeWMjs)

[Meeting recording](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing)


## Attendance


### Voting member rollcall:



- [ ] Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Javier Perez, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [ ]  Peter Fandel, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ]  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [x]  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x]  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x]  Sean Grady ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.


### Other Attendees

- Len Santalucia 
- Joe Bostian
- Dan Horák
- Sandy Peresie
- Ulrich Weigand
- Indranil Mandal
- David Edelsohn
- Elizabeth K. Joseph
- Chien Yueh
- Ingo Adlung
- Sam Golab

## Agenda

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

*   New Working Group Proposal - Debian s390x Working Group [#222](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/222)
*   Ambitus Incubation Renewal [#216](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/216)
*   POC for LFX Chat/Matrix [#191](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/191)
*   Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )


## Action Items


## Notes:



*   John will not be able to attend the next TAC meeting -- shall we have someone proxy or do we cancel the next meeting?
    *   Need to review some projects
    *   Len - suggested putting off the meeting until the week of Jul. 8th
        *   Unanimous approval
*   New Working Group Proposal - Debian s390x Working Group - Javier Perez presented
    *   S390 Debian - no one is maintaining the distributions 
    *   Want to establish a working group that could sponsor mentorship workgroup
        *   Need mentors
        *   Establish a new community of technicians (mentees) -- for long term 
        *   Ensure any and all infrastructure are available for supporting the port
        *   Ensure future s390x port is an official architecture for future Debian
    *   Elizabeth: has a long term commitment - lead a user group
    *   Sudharsana & Mark Post - Long term commitments from mentees and workgroup
    *   Members of the initial workgroup are:
        *   David Edelsohn
        *   Ulrich Weigand
        *   Javier Perez
        *   Frank Heimes
    *   Presented as a motion
        *   Mark Post motioned
        *   Sudharsana seconded 
        *   Approved by TAC
*   Ambitus Incubation Renewal - Joe Bostian presenter
    *   Ambitus allows projects that are not large enough to be a formal project in Open Mainframe Project]
        *   10 repositories (projects)
        *   9 different contributors
    *   Pipeline
        *   Python interfaces to low level administrative tasks.  Like Zowe
        *   Subproject to improve performance and consumption of Prometheus
        *   AI/ML tool build around AAATensorFlow and related technologies
    *   Yet to do
        *   CCI Best Practices gold level badge
        *   Need Adopters list -- looking  for input
    *   Projects:
        *   Pyzkiln - python API for resource Mgmt
        *   Artifactory-vault -- Jfrog Artifactory for how-to deploy Linux or z/OS
        *   Zos-native -- tools and how-to for USS vs Linux
        *   zML -- language agnostic markup user interface for data structures in z/OS
        *   Linux-containers - examples and howto for containers on Linux and s/OS
        *   binutils - port of the GNU binutils to z/OS
        *   gcc - port GNU gcc compiler to  z/OS
        *   glibc-- port GNU glibc tot z/OS
        *   zTron -- lightweight framework for creating Python work flows as standalone apps and/or Jupyter
    *   Giancarlo Frix - compiler / linker experience - focus on GNU Toolchain work 
    *   Renewal of project
        *   Motion to renew for new year - Mark Post
        *   Second - Sean Grady
        *   Passed 
*   POC for LFX Chat/Matrix
    *   Sean Grady - Core functionality is there.
    *   Do other project communities want to give it a try?  Need more Beta testers.
    *   Provides features that Slack has but at a prohibitive cost  


### Project updates



*   Zowe - Sean Grady - 1.22 newest release underway.  
    *   High availability
    *   Put Zowe in Kerbuties containers
    *   Enterprise support for Zowe
*   Mentorship - Bob Dahlberg
    *   ‘16 mentees
    *   All continents represented except Australia
*    COBOL - Sudarsana Srinivasan
    *   Mentees are actively participating 
    *   Work Progresses
*   Software Discovery - Elizabeth Joseph
    *   Mentees are actively participating 
*   CBT Tapes - Sam Golob
    *   z/OS enablement discussion -- about possible collaboration and sharing CBT tape code
*   Feilong update ( sent by [@mfriesenegger](https://github.com/mfriesenegger) via email )
    *   Feilong had our monthly meeting yesterday. People from ICU-IT presented how Feilong is being used at the City of the Haag. Next month's agenda will discuss project graduation and ideas ways to use recorded demos from the last two meetings to promote what Feilong is via OMP Feilong project webpage.

**Open Mainframe call for papers -- due July 16th**
