---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-06-23
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - June 23, 2022

### Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. 

Agenda to be posted at: [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at: [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

**Conference call details**
Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings).

**Meeting Recording**
A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below.
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/bwMyO7q0Y1XNHRDeFnyget_wS0YYqw8vBB86lsSpphmzGK3uxzBYakpfw29QxLnd.sy8hm_GMlq51zS2B](https://zoom.us/rec/share/bwMyO7q0Y1XNHRDeFnyget_wS0YYqw8vBB86lsSpphmzGK3uxzBYakpfw29QxLnd.sy8hm_GMlq51zS2B)

**Recording Password:** sw+yE0@N



**Antitrust Policy Notice**: Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

### Attendance

#### Voting member rollcall:
-  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
-  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
-  Leanid Astrakou-Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )
 
#### Not in Attendance
-  vacant, ADP ( Platinum Member )
-  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
-  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
-  Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
-  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
-  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
-  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
-  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )

Quorum Not Achieved.

#### Other Attendees
- John Mertic- Linux Foundation
- Yarille Kilborn- Linux Foundation
- Andrea Orth
- Daniel Hor√°k
- Len Santalucia
- Joe Comitini
- Alex Kim
- Lionel Dyck

### Agenda
Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.
- Follow up on scaling up open source projects preso #361
- Phil Tully now with Citi! #360
- Participation in Open Source Summit Europe - Dublin #367
- Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit #338
- Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html))
Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar))


#### Notes
Mr. Mertic opened the meeting and followed up on the scaling up presentation- Mr. Santalucia asked Mr. Metric if he could pick three main points out of the presentation, what would they be. Mr. Mertic responded with: 

	#1- Analyzing how new contributors would look at the project and how they would get involved/participate. 
	#2- Watching out for project burnout and stepping in to help others prevent this,
	#3- How you can get into an area of individual enablement to mass enablement. 

**Phil Tully with Citi-** Mr. Phil Tully is now with Citi and was not present, but Mr. Mertic mentioned he expressed interest in staying on as TAC Chair and has some ideas for the TAC on how to add more strategic fees.

**Open Source Summit Europe-** Mr. Mertic mentioned the Open Source Summit in Europe and trying to find support to have a presence at the meeting in Dublin. Mr. Astrakou said they may be interested and would talk to his team.

**Open Source Summit-** there is an opportunity at the Open Source Summit for people to have meetings or gather. If anyone is interested, please reach out to the LF team. The schedule will be announced on or around June 29th. Mr. Kim asked if there would be a presentation on mentorships. Mr. Mertic said there will likely be something at the event in Europe since a lot of mentees are in Europe.

#### Project Updates
**Cobol Programming Course-** kicked off mentorship. Th mentee has been onboarded. Mentor is doing a great job and looking at a refresh of the course with Zowe V2.

**GenevaERS-** Elected a new chair- Andrea Orth was introduced to the TAC. The project just converted 20 training modules that were in Word and PowerPoint and converted them into markdown that will be transitioned into a jackal 20 modules.

**Open Mainframe Mentorship-** Mr. Kim spoke on the mentorship program and asked about mentees' weekly reports and repositories.

**Zowe-** Mr. 2.1 is out along 2.28. 1.28 has some security fixes. 2.1 and 2.2 will focus on improving configuration and runtime. Version 2 was a big success.

**Ambitus-** Mr. Bostian said they are anticipating more activity after the 4th of July.

**CBT Tape-** Mr. Dyck said version 5.3 is out and they are looking to move over into Github. They have a pre-existing GitHub account that has been dormant.  

