---
parent: Meetings
title: "2022-01-13"
---

**Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - January 13, 2022**

Date/Time

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. 

Agenda to be posted at: https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar, subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.



**Attendance**

Voting member rollcall:
 
 Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [ ] James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x]  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [ ]  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x]  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum NOT Achieved.


**Other Attendees**
- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Sam Golob
- David Edelsohn
- Matt Hogstrom
- Mike Friesenegger
- Dan Horak
- Len Santalucia
- Cameron Seay
- Yongkook Kim
- Ingo Adlung
- Yvette LaMar
- Hiren Shah

**Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

- COBOL Check annual review #313
- ADE Annual Review #312
- Discuss 2022 Goals and Objectives #300
- Discuss Ambassador Program #290
- Discuss badging for projects #265
- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103
- Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

**Notes**

- Mr. Mertic provided an update of the Ambassador Program. Mr. Twitchell asked if we have received feedback about the program. A further discussion with the group ensued. The group recommended that is a criteria established for application.

- COBOL Check annual review - postponed till next meeting

- Mr. Twitchell mentioned that there will be a badge issued for committers of GenevaERS

- No updates for the TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103

- ADE Annual Review #312 - to be held at a later date

- Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )
	- Mr. Twitchell provided an update on GenevaERS. Mr. Grady recommended Mr. Twitchell introduce GenevaERS to the ZOWE Community.
	- Mr. Grady discussed releasing ZOWE V2 in February. 
 
 
