---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-03-24
---


#  Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting 
##  March 24, 2022

**Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. 

Agenda to be posted at: [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22All](url) meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](url), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.
 
**Meeting recording:** [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing](url)

**Antitrust Policy Notice**

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

### **Attendance**

**Voting member rollcall:**
-  Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
-  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
-  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
-  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
-  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
-  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
-  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

**Other Attendees**
- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Mike Friesenegger
- Youness Erraiba
- Alexander Efremkin
- Len Santalucia
- Joe Devlin
- Elizabeth Joseph
- David Edelsohn

**Agenda**
- Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.
- Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit #338
- Feilong annual review #335
- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103
- Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html)
- Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

**Action Items**

**Notes**

Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit.
 
Issue is now open and you can apply from now until June 10.

**Feilong Annual Review**: Mr. Friesenegger presented the annual review for Feilong. He noted global participation issues. There have been 150 commits merged in 2021 from 13 committers. The focus of their monthly meetings is project graduation. He mentioned they’re still looking for a new project chairman. Monthly meetings will be alternating to odd months moving forward to accommodate other time zones. He mentioned they're not ready to graduate and they are seeking to renew the project in the current status. 

> Mr. Twitchell motioned to approve the Feilong Project for another year at the current status, Mr. Grady seconded, and all were in favor. 

**TerseDecompress Incubation Renewal-** There were no updates

**Review Upcoming Annual Reviews** -(list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html). 
 
Project Updates(list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )

**COBOL Programming Course**- Ms. Srinivasan is hoping to bring on one to two mentees. A former mentee has now joined as a mentor. She expressed interest in having a video of their session summit from last year added to her site. This will be posted soon. 

**GenevaERS-** Mr. Twitchell provided a brief update and noted progress in several areas.

**Open Mainframe Project Mentorship**-  Mr. Dahlberg mentioned eight projects coming in. Projects will be released in mid-April to mentees. There are several mentee applications currently for the mentorships listed on the site.

**Zowe-** Mr. Grady mentioned meeting in mid-April to plan for the next three months of the project. They will be looking at feedback for post-version 2 improvements and there was a previous request for the Zowe Conformance program and an open CII gold badge.

**Ambitus-** Mr Bostian reported that there has been progress and members are currently testing and they hope to post this soon.

**Open Mainframe Education-** Ms. Joseph provided a brief update.

**Open Mainframe TSTerm**- Mr. Devlin would like to make it easier to get it up and running for people testing. 

**OMP Linux Distribution Working Group-** Ms. Joseph mentioned looking to see whether or not to expand into more than a discussion group. She’d like to get the WG on the website. Mr. Metric stated they are currently working on the website and he will notify Ms. Meanor to get this going. 

Mr. Edelsohn brought up being on different sites and someone asking if there was a place to find different courses/jobs. There is a resource/career page on the OMP site but it does not offer more information than companies you can look into if you have the skills. 
