---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-10-13
---

# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - October 13, 2022**


## **Meeting Recording**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[https://zoom.us/rec/share/IZWZfczpsGzHQ1WczlrpVg4Zkt5p7W9u0CtW5AMSF1Ysy-f-ry1OecaF2eq1WNnj.MMOYJVpxTrZeDgiK](https://zoom.us/rec/share/IZWZfczpsGzHQ1WczlrpVg4Zkt5p7W9u0CtW5AMSF1Ysy-f-ry1OecaF2eq1WNnj.MMOYJVpxTrZeDgiK)


## **Antitrust Policy Notice** 
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.


## **Attendance**


### **Voting member rollcall:**



* Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
* Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
* Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
* Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
* Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS )
* Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

**Not in Attendance**



*  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
*  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
*  _vacant_, ADP ( Platinum Member )


### **Other Attendees**



* Yarille Kilborn, Linux Foundation
* Sam Golob
* Alexander Efremkin
* Kuriakose Jijo George
* Daniel Horak
* Len Santalucia
* David Edelsohn
* John Mertic, Linux Foundation


## **Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.



* Polycephaly project to be put on hold [#395](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/395)
* Tessia Annual Review- 10/13 [#393](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/393)
* CBT Tape Annual Review- 10/13 [#392](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/392)
* Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html) )
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )




## **Notes**

### Polycephaly Project

There was a conversation between Mr. Tully and Mr. Santalucia to put the Polycephaly project to be put on hold. The previous lead has moved on and a new project lead needs to be found. Once a new lead is found, there can be a discussion regarding reactivating the project. 


   **Resolution:** Place the Polycephaly project on hold until new leadership is established.  Mr. Tully presented the motion and it was seconded by Mr. Bostian. All members approved. 


### Tessia Annual Review
Mr. Kuriakose Jijo George introduced himself and announced he is taking over as lead of the Tessia project. He proceeded to present the annual review. He noted a reorganization of the team and adding four new members, external contributions, a major release focused on improvements to the web-interface and security updates. For the next year they will continue with reorganization, project management, and development activities.


**Resolution:** Extend the tessia project in the incubation phase for another year. Mr. Tully motioned for approval, Mr. Post seconded, and all were in favor.

### CBT Tape Annual Review:
Mr. Golob presented a summary of the CBT Tape project’s past year’s accomplishments. There was a brief conversation regarding the mainframe and the CBT Tape users. 


**Resolution:**  Extend the CBT Tape project in the incubation phase for another year. Mr. Tully motioned for approval, Mr. Post seconded, and all were in favor.

### Process for Onboarding Projects to Mainframe

Mr. Tully spoke about the need to establish a process and procedures when onboarding new projects to the mainframe at Maris. He asked the TAC to think about this and mentioned it will be discussed at future meetings. 
 

### Review Upcoming Annual Reviews
Ms. Kilborn reviewed the list of upcoming annual reviews, announcing the Linux Distribution Working Group is next on October 27, 2022. 

### Project Updates
There was a quick update of projects. 
 
**GenevaERS**: Ms. Orth said they are actively working. 
 
**Mentorship program:** Ms. Kilborn mentioned there will be a few fall mentorship programs, one paid and a couple other for credit only.

**Zowe:** Mr. Grady announced they are currently in the testing phases of Zowe 2.4. He also mentioned several members submitted proposals for the SHARE Conference. 
 
Mr. Post announced he is retiring but that they have a successor who will begin on November 15.  
