---
parent: Meeting
title: 2022-05-12
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting 

## **May 12, 2022**
**Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. 

Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](url)

Meeting recording: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing](url)

**Antitrust Policy Notice**

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](url). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

**Attendance**

**Voting member rollcall:**

-  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
-  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
-  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
-  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
-  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
-  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
-  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
-  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

**Not in Attendance**
-  Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
-  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )

**Quorum Achieved.**

**Other Attendees**

- John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
- Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
- Dan Horak
- Elizabeth Joseph
- Matt Hogstrom
- Leanid Astrakou
- David Edelsohn
- Len Santalucia
- Joe Winchester
- Joe Devlin

**Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

- Open Mainframe Project Service Desk #343
- Software Discovery Tool annual review #353
- Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit #338
- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103
- Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html)
- Project updates ( list at https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups )


**Action Items**
 
**Notes**

**Software Discovery Tool annual review-**
 Ms. Joseph provided a review of the Software Discovery Tool Project, they are not yet ready to graduate.  Mr. Twitchell asked where the committer diversity comes from. Ms. Joseph believes it is partly from Whose problem does the tool solve and why should they contribute? What would the tool do for them that helps with “personas.” Mr. Metric asked if they have had interest from outside mainframe communities; Ms. Joseph said no but it may be something to look into.
A motion to approve the Software Discovery Tool project for another year of incubation was made by  Mr. Twitchell and seconded by Mr. Dahlberg, all were in favor.

**TerseDecompress incubation renewal-**
There was discussion about moving this project into an Emeritus status after six months of inactivity. Per the charter, this can be done with two-thirds TAC board vote.
Mr. Twitchell motioned to move this into an Emertius status, Mr. Bostian seconded the motion and all were in favor.

**Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit-** Mr. Mertic let the TAC members know that the board met on 5/11 and they are exploring converting to a hybrid option and adding a virtual option. Mr. Santalucia said he spoke to some people and they were happy to hear this.

**Project Updates-**
Srinivasan said they are trying to get more applicants for mentorship.
GenevaERS- will be transiting the TAC seat. 
Mentorships- meeting soon to discuss the mentees. Mr. Dahlberg will be sending a google form so that the mentors can start choosing their top mentees. We are up to more than 425 mentee applications. 

**ZOWE-** Mr. Fandel reviewed ZOWE 2.0. They are currently receiving feedback from users and asking about the conformance program. 
 
 
**Ambitus-** will be meeting soon. They have been spreading the word at IBM about the OMP Summit and there is interest.
 
 
 
 
