---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-01-27
---

**Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - January 27, 2022**


Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated.

Agenda to be posted at: [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](url)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at[ https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](url), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.

**Meeting recording:** [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing
](url)

**Attendance**

**Voting member rollcall:**

- [x]  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [x]  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x]  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [x]  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x]  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved 

**Other Attendees**

- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Elizabeth Joseph
- Len Santalucia
- Dan Horak
- Yvette LaMar
- Hiren Shah
- Mike Friesenegger
- Alexander Efremkin
- David Edelsohn
- Dave Nicolette
- Ingo Adlung

**Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from [openmainframeproject/tac](url) prior to the meeting.

- Quarterly Review - z/VM Community Tools #321
- COBOL Check annual review #313
- ADE Annual Review #312
- Discuss 2022 Goals and Objectives #300
- Discuss Ambassador Program #290
- Discuss badging for projects #265
- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103
- Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )

**Notes**

Mr. Mertic reviewed the current list of Ambassador applications with the group, allowing the group to weigh in on the candidates. We will follow up with a list of the those who applied so the TAC members are able to rank the applicants. Mr. Dahlberg suggested possibly using some of the lower ranked applicants as mentors.

Mr. Nicolette provided an annual review of the COBOL Check. All of the incubation requirements are being met and it is starting to move into the active stage. A motion was made to renew the COBOL Check project for another year in the incubation stage Mr. Twitchell and seconded by Mr. MacKinnon, all were in favor.

Mr. Caffrey reviewed the ADE project. Mr. Mertic went over a list of pending items. Mr. Dahlberg made a motion to renew the ADE project for another year. It was seconded by Mr. Caffrey and all were in favor.

The meeting adjourned.
 
 
