---
parent: Meetings
title: "2022-10-27"
---

# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - October 27, 2022**


## **Meeting Recording**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/QY_aoCLPu0N1wWjTcAYW7IqlpcwNibudnpmnUjxnQ66L8xA2nGmfpOVZBMsciYgk.X8UtxZf7Q7aLQnNP](https://zoom.us/rec/share/QY_aoCLPu0N1wWjTcAYW7IqlpcwNibudnpmnUjxnQ66L8xA2nGmfpOVZBMsciYgk.X8UtxZf7Q7aLQnNP)


## **Antitrust Policy Notice**

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.

Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.


## **Attendance**


### **Voting member rollcall:**



*  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
*  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
*  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )

     


**Not in Attendance**



* _vacant_, ADP ( Platinum Member )
*  Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member ) Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
*  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
*  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
*  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
*  Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS )
*  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe ) \


Quorum Not Achieved.


### Other Attendees 



* John Mertic
* Yarille Kilborn
* Dan Horák


## **Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.



* Mentorship Annual Review- 11/10 [#402](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/402)
* TSTerm Annual Review- 11/10 [#401](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/401)
* Discuss Mainframe Project Onboarding Process [#399](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/399)
* Linux Distributions WG annual review - 11/10 [#359](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/359)
* Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html) )
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )


## **Action Items**


## **Notes**

**Discuss Mainframe Project Onboarding Process-** With the majority of the TAC not present, this agenda item will be moved to the next meeting.

**Upcoming Annual Reviews-** Reminder of the annual reviews for November 10th- Mentorship, TSTerm, and Linux Distributions Working Group. Mr. Mertic will also review the plan to transition the Mentorship project into a program.

**Project updates-** 

**Ambitus**- Mr. Bostian gave a brief update. They have a current deadline they’re trying to meet but overall things have been quiet. They anticipate one or two more useful meetings before the end of the year. 
