---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-02-10
---

**Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 10, 2022**

**Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](url).
 
Meeting recording: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13tFBM50RIUGw6ZB-kyb0vcDEA1NMvBTB?usp=sharing](url)

**Attendance**

**Voting member rollcall:**

- [x]  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
-    Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
-    Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
-    James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [x]  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x]  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [x]  Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- [x]  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Quorum Achieved.

**Other Attendees**

- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Elizabeth Joseph
- Len Santalucia
- Dan Horak
- Yvette LaMar
- Hiren Shah
- Ingo Adlung
- Mike Friesenegger
- Alexander Efremkin
- David Edelsohn
- Dave Nicolette
- Sam Golob
- Mark Post
- Yongkook Kim
- Cameron Seay

Quorum Achieved.



**Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

- Quarterly Review - z/VM Community Tools #321

- Annual Review for Open z/OS Enablement Working Group #317

- Discuss Ambassador Program #290

- Discuss badging for projects #265

- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103

- Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )



**Notes**

**Quarterly Review - z/VM Community Tools #321**
Mr. Twitchell provided the results of the first year of the z/VM Community Tools. Mr. Grady asked where the project would go from this point considering the challenges it faced. Mr. Mertic mentioned conversations continue to take place throughout the different projects and the governing board surrounding the infrastructure and funding.
Mr. Dahlberg motioned to renew the z/VM Community Tools project for another year.  Mr. Grady seconded the motion, and all were in favor. 
 
**Discuss badging for projects #265**
Mr. Mertic updated members on the status for some of the badging for the projects, noting they are working on COBOL badges for learners among others.

**TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103**
No updates

**Discuss Ambassador Program #290**
The members reviewed and discussed the list of candidates and the rankings. Seven ambassadors were selected. Ms. Srinivasan suggested taking on those not selected into the program to guide them and possibly have them as ambassadors for next year.


**Project updates** ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )

**Feilong- **Mr. Friesenegger announced he can longer continue as chairman and has asked if anyone is interested in taking over.

Mr. Seay provided an update on the COBOL Working Group and mentioned that they continue to meet. They announced Misty Decker taking over as co-chair of the project.

Ms. Joseph provided an update on the Software Discovery Tool.

 
