---
parent: Meeting
title: 2022-04-28
---


# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting 
#  
## **April 28, 2022**


**Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated. 
Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](url)

Meeting recording

Antitrust Policy Notice
Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy. If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

### Attendance
Voting member rollcall:
- Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )
- Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )

Not in Attendance
- Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
 
**Quorum Not Achieved.**

Other Attendees

- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Len Santalucia
- Dan Hor√°k
- Cameron Seay
- Mark Ackert
- Alexander Efremkin

## Agenda
Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.
 
Open Mainframe Project Service Desk [#343](url)

Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit [#338](url)

TerseDecompress incubation renewal [#103](url)

Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](url))

Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )

## Notes

**Open Mainframe Project Service Desk**: Requests for projects or members can be submitted through this desk- marketing, transferring domains, etc.
 
**Reminders on Open Mainframe Summit**- Sponsorships are open. There will be a Security focus and a speaker from the OpenSSF project is being sought. There will also be an executive tract.
 
**TerseDecompress incubation renewal**- May need to address this soon with the TAC since there has not been much movement.
 
**Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](url))**- Two reviews coming up for May 12.
 
#### Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )

**GenevaERS** - Mr. Twitchell provided an update and mentioned that their quarter focus is on their demo.

**Mentorships**- Mr. Dahlberg gave a program overview and noted 13 projects are on the mentorship site with more than 300 applicants, more than triple the number in the past.
Mr. Grady provided an update on the Zowe project and announced v2 is done. Among the list of changes are performance, ease of use and setup. 1.0 has entered maintenance and will be there for two years.

**Ambitus**- more updates in the summer, a bit quiet now.

**tessia-** No updates, quiet time of year.

**TSTerm**- mentioned they hope to see more activity now that Zowe v1 is done.

**COBOL Working Group**- Mr Seay said they continue to meet to discuss how to keep things moving.
 
 
