---
parent: Meetings
title: 2022-03-10
---

## **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - March 10, 2022**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays of the month unless otherwise stated.

Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22Meeting](url)

**Antitrust Policy Notice**

Linux Foundation meetings involve participation by industry competitors, and it is the intention of the Linux Foundation to conduct all of its activities in accordance with applicable antitrust and competition laws. It is therefore extremely important that attendees adhere to meeting agendas, and be aware of, and not participate in, any activities that are prohibited under applicable US state, federal or foreign antitrust and competition laws.
Examples of types of actions that are prohibited at Linux Foundation meetings and in connection with Linux Foundation activities are described in the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy available at [http://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy](url). If you have questions about these matters, please contact your company counsel, or if you are a member of the Linux Foundation, feel free to contact Andrew Updegrove of the firm of Gesmer Updegrove LLP, which provides legal counsel to the Linux Foundation.

**Attendance**

Voting member rollcall:

- [x]  Phil Tully, ADP ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
- [x]  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
- [x]  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
- [x]  Kip Twitchell ( GenevaERS )
- [x]  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )
- [ ]  ~~Bob Dahlberg, VCU ( Mentorship )~~

Quorum Achieved

**Other Attendees**

- John Mertic, Linux Foundation
- Yarille Kilborn, Linux Foundation
- David Edelsohn
- Dan Horák
- Len Santalucia
- Yongkook Kim
- Youness Erraiba
- Elizabeth Joseph



## **Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labelled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.

- Discuss badging for projects #265
- TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103
- Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](url))
- Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )


Badging for projects #265- GenevaERS will start rolling out in the next couple of weeks. Anyone else interested should contact Mr. Mertic.

TerseDecompress incubation renewal #103- No updates


Upcoming project annual reviews can be found on the Open Mainframe website here: ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](url))

**Project updates** ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](url) )

- TSTerm- Mr. Grady has been working with those involved and although they have been working on this, there are no updates.

- Mr. Erraiba shared that 57 participants attended a recent webinar on YouTube. The video is subtitled in English and French.

- Mr. Bostian provided an update of Ambitus. Focusing on the big topic of Open Search, Elastic Search. IBM had a request of a client to run on Z. They have an environment that will run on Z and are ready to test things out. 

- Zowe update was provided by Mr. Grady. They launched preview #2. The community voted on two new incubation squads.

- Mr. Twitchell updated on GenevaERS applied for a docker open source
 
Mr. Metric introduced LFX Security as a new tool for projects. Mr. Metric will bring someone to demo the tool to a future meeting.  

The Open Mainframe Summit was briefly discussed: date, time, and location.

