---
parent: Meeting

title: "2023-05-25"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 25, 2023

**Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on second and fourth Thursdays unless otherwise stated. 

**Conference call details**

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings](url).

**Meeting Recording**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/pEhAVuHdBwOYKA0Iuj7r0Ytui6YhqiM3kEkEAp9eIOwx2fNFfkMsgDYCmdnszRs.F2tos0iNCYSJpP-X](url)


## Voting member attendance



* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

  	

## Not in Attendance



* James Caffrey - ADE Representative
* Joe Bostian - IBM
* Nikolay Gueorguiev - SUSE LLC
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative 



## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia
* Elizabeth Joseph
* James Davies
* Daniel Horak
* Lionel Dyck
* David Edelsohn
* Cameron Seay 



# Agenda



* Annual Review - Software Discovery Tool - 5/25[ #493](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/493)
* Swag Proposal for Open Mainframe Project Slack to Reduce Channel Pollution[ #484](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/484)
* Add information on mainframe infrastructure[ #481](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/481)
* CD Foundation Best Practices SIG[ #460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460)
* Open Mainframe Summit 2023 updates
* LFX Meeting Management updates 
 


## Notes

The meeting was called to order at 1:08 PM EST. 
 
Mr. Mertic reviewed the Antitrust notice. He reviewed the list of TAC voting members and asked that all in attendance check their profiles and that any updates should be made on openprofile.dev. He continued by reviewing the dates of the upcoming Project Reviews. 
 
**Software Discovery Tool** Ms. Joseph presented the annual review, stating they seek renewal at the incubation level. She shared their focus on automation. She hopes her mentorship program will help them refine this. Ms. Joseph said they arenâ€™t ready to move to a graduate phase until they have more contributions and diversity.  
 
Mr. Dyck asked if there are any plans to add Rocket ported tools.  
 
Due to a lack of quorum, an email vote will be sent to the TAC voting members for renewal. 
 
**Swag Proposal for Open Mainframe Project Slack to Reduce Channel Pollution ** Mr. Dyck discussed reducing the Slack channel pollution to the TAC. He proposed possible bookmarks or pins. 
 
Mr. Grady mentioned directing people to the correct location to find people or post a topic can be difficult. Mr. Mertic asked if the Slackbot could help with directing people to the appropriate place. Mr. Mertic will request a complete list of channels and an analytics report for channel usage.  
 
Mr. Dyck suggested making some channels private, whereas Mr. Mertic cautioned against this due to the nature of the open contributions and collaborative community. 
 
**Add information on mainframe infrastructure** Mr. Mertic said they are still adding to the document and asked that if anyone has anything to contribute, to please do so at issue:  [#481](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/481) 
 
**Open Mainframe Summit 2023 updates** The Program Planning Committee met, and the CFPs will open on June 1 and close on June 30. 

Both Las Vegas and NYC events will have two different talk types. Both events will use the same CFP. 
 
**LFX Meeting Management updates** Mr. Mertic provided an update regarding the new updates to the meeting management process. He said the links are shareable and not specific to the user. He shared future updates, including a fix to the issue with the time zone changes.  


Ms. Joseph asked when the new website will launch. Mr. Mertic hopes it will be ready shortly after Memorial Day.

**Project updates** Mr. Grady provided a quick TSTerminal update and said there had been some recent updates, so you can get to it without going into GitHub.

The meeting adjourned at 1:55 pm. 

