---
parent: Meeting
title: "2023-04-13"
---


# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - April 13, 2023**


## **Date/Time**

Meeting held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays unless otherwise stated. Agenda to be posted at [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.


### **Conference call details**

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings).


## **Meeting Recording**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:



## **Attendance**


### **Voting member rollcall:**



*  Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS )
*  Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
*  Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
*  Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
*  Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )

**Not in Attendance:**



*  Nikolay Gueorguiev, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
*  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )
*  Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )
*  Steve Conger, ADP ( Platinum Member )
*  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )

Quorum Achieved.


### **Other Attendees:** 




- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn 
- Michael Bauer 
- Daniel Hor√°k 
- Oleksandr Hubanov
- Ingo Adlung
- Len Santalucia 
- Elizabeth Joseph 
- Dave Jones
- David Edelsohn


## **Agenda**

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.



* Annual Review 4/27- COBOL Programming Course [#474](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/474)
* Annual Review 4/27- Feilong [#469](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/469)
* tersedecompress - move it out of Emeritus status [#468](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/468)
* CD Foundation Best Practices SIG [#460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460)
* Mainframe Project Onboarding Process [#399](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/399)
* Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html) )
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )


## **Notes**

**Annual Review 4/27- COBOL Programming Course, Annual Review 4/27- Feilong**- Mr. Mertic provided reminders of these annual reviews set to take place at the next TAC meeting. 


**Tersedecompress-** This was approved to move out of Emeritus status into a Sandbox stage. Mr. Hubnov is looking for assistance in reviewing Java code and pull requests. Mr. Mertic and Mr.Tully recommended Mr. Hubnov reach out to previous users and then come back to the TAC after a few meetings. \
 \
**CD Foundation Best Practices SIG-** Mr. Bauer created a document (the link can be found in this issue). Anyone interested may still join. Once the document is complete, the group will likely meet again.

**Mainframe Project Onboarding Process-** Mr. Mertic said that meetings continue to take place and progress is being made.  \
 \
**Review upcoming annual reviews** ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html) )- Mr. Mertic reviewed the dates for annual reviews. He mentioned not having success in reaching out to Mr. Bruce Hayden for v/Community Tools to schedule their review. Mr. Tully agreed he would reach out to him directly.

**<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Project updates </span>**( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) ): \
 \
Ms. Srinivasan provided an update and informed the TAC that she will be proposing a mentorship program and is looking to secure a mentor. She is still working on a webinar that will incorporate COBOL Check with COBOL Programming Course.  \
 \
**GenevERS-** Ms. Orth is looking to see about performance with Java.

**Software Discovery Tool**- Ms. Joseph mentioned there is not a lot of movement with the project, but, her mentor from last summer expressed interest in having a mentorship program and as well as mentoring. She will be adding this to the list for the 2023 Mentorship Term. \
 \
**Linux Distributions Group-** Ms. Joseph shared that the group met this week. She mentioned a new person join their slack channel and they hope this new person will bring new contributions. 
