---
parent: Meetings
title: "2023-09-28"
---




# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - September 28, 2023


## **Meeting Recording**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/eX0mn4kmWNQ1nDVIEa398DpXW-CjOxBtUeBQgYw6OiJhcKUO-2wInWIEBp0uMEsF.W4R5nFOlCgFCsXVt).


## **Attendance**


### **Voting member rollcall:**



* Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )
* Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
* Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
* Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )

Quorum Not Achieved.

**Not in Attendance**



* Lauren Valenti, Broadcom
* Nikolay Gueorguiev, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
* Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
* Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
* Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS)


### Other Attendees 




* John Mertic
* Yarille Kilborn
* Misty Decker
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Joe Devlin
* Len Santalucia
* Lionel Dyck


## **Agenda**



* [Modernization Working Group Annual Review- 09/14#529](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/529)
* [TSTerm - Annual Review#506](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/506)
* [Transition projects to using LFX Meeting Management#502](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/502)
* [OpenTelemetry SIG formation#535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535)


## Notes 
**Modernization Working Group:** 

Ms. Decker presented the annual review for the Modernization Working Group. She noted that they agreed on a definition as an achievement for the group. She said the next steps are to build out a repository, which may cause a modification of the definition. Ms. Decker said they are also determining a location for the repository and then taking nominations for content. Once all nominations have been received, there will be a vote.

Due to a lack of quorum, a vote to renew will be sent to voting TAC members via email.

 
**TSTerm Annual Review:** 

Mr. Devlin presented the review for TSTTerm. He said they are using the electron packaging to make a standalone version so that it can be adopted as the terminal on the Zowe desktop and for use on other Zowe products.  He said other targets for adoptions are getting some of the mainframe education programs associated with the Open Mainframe Project using TSTERM. Mr. Devlin said they are in need of a UI Engineer. Mr. Devlin demonstrated an executable that the project has been working on.

Mr. Grady commented that since the last review, there has been progress that the hard part has been completed and that there is an executable. He said with more people, the project could possibly do more.

Due to a lack of quorum, a vote to renew will be sent to voting TAC members via email.

**z/VM Tools Community Tools:**

Mr. Mertic spoke about the project and how the leadership has changed several times. He stated the most recent project lead passed away, and there is currently no one leading it.  He asked the TAC members in attendance for their thoughts on whether to move the project into Emeritus status or look to the community for interest in leadership. The TAC discussed this, and all agreed that the project should be promoted within the Z community worldwide to find interest before moving it to Emeritus status. Mr. Dyck agreed to work with Mr. Santalucia on listing this to try and find interest.

**Meeting Management-** Mr. Mertic said most projects have transitioned to the LFX meeting management tool. Ms. Joseph and Ms.Srinivasan said they would try it with their projects and upcoming meetings. Mr. Bostian commented that he has had a positive experience and likes it better than his previous method of hosting meetings. Mr. Grady mentioned his delay in fully transitioning has been due to having to add people manually from GitHub to the different committees and groups. Mr. Mertic said this is a feature the LFX team has noted as something to improve for the future.

**Open Telemetry-** Mr. Mertic provided an update and said they are getting close to presenting a plan before the committee.

**Mainframe-** Mr.Devlin asked for a brief update. Mr. Santalucia summarized everything that has been done and said the agreement is close to being finalized, and they are progressing with the mainframe implementation.
