---
parent: Meetings
title: "2022-06-09"
---

# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 9, 2023**


## Date/Time 
Meetings are held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays unless otherwise stated. Agendas are posted at:  
 
[https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22meeting%22)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar: [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists you are subscribed to.


## Meeting Recording 
**A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: 
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/lmwNNe0cf_DN3x4ddLc1wsFbR1m-4s2bEvMw2xbfjyy13xXH-GBC_qKLLX4M9y1w.ZOoYjite8N4m5jRU](https://zoom.us/rec/share/lmwNNe0cf_DN3x4ddLc1wsFbR1m-4s2bEvMw2xbfjyy13xXH-GBC_qKLLX4M9y1w.ZOoYjite8N4m5jRU)


## **Attendance**

**Voting member rollcall:**



* Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )
* Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
*  Mark Post, SUSE ( Platinum Member )
* Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
* Sean Grady, Rocket Software (Zowe)

  
**Not in Attendance**



*  _vacant_, ADP ( Platinum Member )
*  Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
*  Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
*  Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS )
*  James Caffrey, IBM ( ADE )

_Quorum Not Achieved._


### **Other Attendees**



* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Yarille Kilborn, Linux Foundation
* Michael Bauer
* Alexander Efremkin
* David Edelson
* Daniel Horák
* Catie Mooney
* Bob Dahlberg
* Elizabeth Joseph


## **Agenda** 
Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from openmainframeproject/tac prior to the meeting.



* Review ambassador application rankings [#456](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/456)
* CD Foundation Best Practices SIG [#460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460)
* Annual Review - COBOL Check [#449](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/449)
* Annual Review - ADE [#448](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/448)
* Mainframe Project Onboarding Process [#399](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/399)
* Review upcoming annual reviews ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/process/review_cycle.html) )
* Project updates ( list at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/#projects-and-working-groups) )


## **<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Notes</span>**


**CD Foundation Best Practices SIG:**  
The initial meeting was held on Jan 25, 2023, with CD Foundation attendees + people from Google, Netflix, Splunk, MongoDB. The CDF goal is to: “normalize” terminology, focus on the abstraction of tech/tools, and identify and document best practices.

The Open Mainframe Project strategy (Zowe) was well received. The next steps include developing a Whitepaper, and providing access to the mainframe sandbox environment.

Call-to-action - In need of balanced participation from the mainframe ecosystem in the SIG discussions.

More information can be found: at [https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-best-practices](https://github.com/cdfoundation/sig-best-practices)

**Ambassadors**:  
Some TAC voting members still need to vote. It was decided to wait until the next TAC meeting in order to obtain more votes. Reminders will be sent to those who have not voted.

**ADE and COBOL Check Annual Reviews:**
These will have to be rescheduled. Ms. Kilborn will work will the leads. 


**Mainframe Project Onboarding Process:**

A group has been meeting to establish the process and resources/configurations for the mainframe. The TAC asked about the use, whether commercial or educational. Mr. Mertic mentioned it would not be commercial and it would likely be primarily like a CI/CD environment. Start with the most common use case. Mr. Dahlberg has some questions and will connect with Ms. Srinivasan for some clarification. An LPAR around education may be needed. 
 
Each project would have to provide a report at the end of the year.

This group meets weekly and members are welcome to join. 
 


**Project Updates:**

**COBOL Programming Course:** Ms. Srinivasan said they are meeting with COBOL Check to see if they can move ahead with debugging and testing. Mr. Bauer mentioned they continue to get more people registering and consuming the course.

**Zowe:**
Mr. Grady announced a new Event Management working group exploring the boosting of event management for Zowe. It is in its early stages to see what technology is needed to be successful. They meet Tuesdays at 10 am EST if anyone is interested and has ideas to contribute. 
 
**Open Mainframe Education**: Ms. Joseph mentioned they are still considering the mentorship program for the summer term, but they are a little tight with their resources.

 
**Tessia**: Mr. Efremkin mentioned being interested in being a use case as an infrastructure tool on the Mainframe.

**Cobol Working Group:** Sarah attended Fosdem (a video is available online) and mentioned there is a group that may be interested in joining.
