---
parent: Meetings
title: "2023-07-13"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - July 13, 2023


## Voting member attendance



* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* James Caffrey - ADE Representative
* Joe Bostian - IBM
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

## Not in Attendance



* Nikolay Gueorguiev - SUSE LLC
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative


## Other attendees



* Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Len Santalucia
* Dave Jones
* Matt Hagstrom 
* Ulrich Weigland
* Bob Dahlberg

Agenda



* [Swag Proposal for Open Mainframe Project Slack to Reduce Channel Pollution](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/484)
* [CD Foundation Best Practices SIG](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460)
* [z/VM Community Tools check-in](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/454)
* [Annual Review 7/13 - ADE](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/448)
* [Annual Review - Ambitus](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/507)

Link to the meeting: [Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/nZXJTbg31dE01IJkfl3KGm9FwzFSaivcoSfFEhu03f3Ex5IpVv2b5ssB-hNwRnCw.OIyWaUE0A09Voz8x)

## Notes 
**Annual Review - ADE**

Mr. Caffrey provided the annual review for the ADE Project. Mr. Caffrey has been working with interns and the next step he notes is to complete the integration of their work. He posed the question for the TAC concerning the future of ADE, considering it is not a large language model, anf the interest lies in large languages. The TAC shared their thoughts. Mr. Hogstrom asked what the technical community looks like. There was discussion about whether this should be ready to move to the ADE project to emeritus status.

**Resolution:** Move the ADE project to an Emeritus status. Ms. Srinivasan motioned to approve the resolution. It was seconded by Mr. Caffrey, and all present were in favor. 

**Annual Review - Ambitus**

Mr. Bostian provided an annual review for the Ambitus project. He said the project has had some success porting several projects: 115 repositories and 39 followers. Mr. Bostian noted they have been working with zOSOpenTools. Mr. Bostian proposed renewing the project with a modification of the scope and mission to incubate Mainframe-specific tools and continue working with zOSOpen Tools.

**Resolution:** Renew the Ambitus project for another year at the incubation level. Ms. Srinivasan presented a motion to renew Ambitus project to an incubation level. It was seconded by Mr. Caffrey, and all present were in favor. 

**VM Community Tools check-in**: Mr. Jones announced he will be at SHARE in New Orleans.

**CD Foundation Best Practices SIG**: Mr. Mertic said there has been progress, but they continue to look for SMEs to assist and contribute to the SIG.

Mr. Mertic announced the Open Mainframe Summit Vegas speaker outline and schedule is online, and the New York Schedule will be posted in a few weeks.

 

