---
parent: Meetings
title: "2023-08-10"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - August 10, 2023

# Attendance

## Voting member attendance

- [x] Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
- [ ] Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
- [ ] Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
- [x] Joe Bostian - IBM
- [ ] Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
- [x] Nikolay Gueorguiev - SUSE LLC
- [x] Phil  Tully - Citi
- [x] Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

## Other attendees
- John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
- Yarille Kilborn,
- Macchindra Nale
- Andrea Orth
- Mike Friesenegger
- Oleksandr Hubanov
- Eizabeth J. Joseph
- Len Santalucia

*Quorum not achieved*

# Meeting Recording

Meeting recording and transcript is [here](https://zoom.us/rec/play/KZX7jviryfFW1jDYCYwQsUu4_7zUF9h3zKARSj1jMBkHvIbbEhMB1fk03BCxRtvx5V0vNIQqMmO-Fk9c.oI0z1u8abnMOjNit?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FgPMf8_a5bMDKjeNufBJs9oGrnAK7fKhtgG00IJPA8zQEBlloOSyFEZjsYyDUmgh1.fox5Cbbw_PSbsXZy)

# Agenda

- TerseDecompress - Annual Review [#505](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/505)
- GenevaERS Annual Review- 08/10 [#525](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/525)
- Swag Proposal for Open Mainframe Project Slack to Reduce Channel Pollution [#484](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/484)
- SHARE BOFs [#534](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/534)
- OpenTelemetry SIG formation [#535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535)
- TSTerm - Annual Review [#506](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/506)
- CD Foundation Best Practices SIG [#460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460)

# Notes


*TSTerm annual review will be rescheduled.

**GenevaERS Annual Review-** Ms. Orth reviewed key accomplishments for the year. She mentioned a new build process for the front end, a new install, and a new test framework. They will be working on a website refresh and new PE and Run Control utility functionality. Votes will be done via email due to a lack of quorum.

**TerseDecompress Annual Review-** A review was provided by Oleksandr Hubanov. He provided details and accomplishments over the past few months since taking the project out of Emeritus Status. He said Rocket Software continues to be a key contributing organization. He said they have worked on using Java 11. He mentioned looking for tips on promoting the project. He said he could write a blog, and Ms. Kilborn said she would connect him with Mae Meanor to publish it.

**SHARE BOFs**: Mr. Mertic mentioned Mr. Mike Williams said that BOF Opportunities would be at SHARE. If interested, there is a link to sign up within the issue of this agenda item. He asked to please let us know if you plan to sign up so we can help promote it.

**OpenTelemetry SIG formation-** Mr. Mertic briefly spoke about this. He said it doesnâ€™t have much on the customer side and to let us know if you are interested so we can connect you.

**CD Foundation Best Practices SIG-** Mr. Mertic said this is ongoing, and there is a link in the document to see what areas Michael Bauer needs help with for the whitepaper.

**Software discovery tool-** Ms. Joseph shared that they have been working on the database backend. The mentees created a prototype that is working well. She said that the mentees will be working on the UI.

**Status on Mainframe**- Mr. Mertic said we are moving forward with the activation and working with IBM to get the licensing structure.

Mr. Hubanov asked about access to the mainframe for students. Mr. Santalucia suggested Lenox One Community Cloud. Every student can have access for 120 days using Linux.








