---
parent: Meetings
title: "2023-11-09"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - November 9, 2023

# Attendance

## Voting member attendance

- [ ] Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
- [x] Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
- [x] Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
- [ ] Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
- [ ] Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
- [ ] Nikolay Gueorguiev - SUSE LLC
- [x] Phil  Tully - Citi
- [x] Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
- [ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

## Other attendees

- John Mertic
- Yarille Kilborn
- Daniel Horák
- Len Santalucia
- Matt Hogstrom
- Lionel Dyck


# Meeting Recording

The link to the meeting recording and transcript is [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/0gboWInuNCj4k75D-QDeKuABnOqIhxxOh4CQcQmoCyz8cRm6ieCwKMLu458QVnI7.E1zasiX-AU4vGjNc)


# Notes

**OpenTelemetry SIG formation [#535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535):**

Mr. Mertic shared an update and the GitHub issue listing the Working Group’s deliverables. He said they plan to kick off the SIG after the new year. This working group is centered around z/OS and Z Linux.

**Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects [#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541):**

Mr. Mertic reviewed the list of projects and their stage within the OpenSSF badge certification process. He said it is the goal to have all of the projects achieve the OpenSSF Best Practices badge. He also briefly spoke about the LFX Security tool and the benefit for projects to utlize it.

**2024 Ambassador Selections [#590](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/590):**

Mr. Mertic announced the beginning of the 2024 Ambassador program application process. He asked the committee to provide their feedback about the program.




