---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-10-10"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - October 10, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/m3d-sF-BbcRsTvVuxhjSrW8r_9yZLXEq37EWVekqBxLMg8WVSSoWHklKSV2LeaY.yjCWNr5RuEnOGGeJ)


# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Converge Technology
* Deepak Kulkarni, International Business Machines Corporation
* K G Sanjaykumar
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation 
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software

# Agenda

* Tessia Annual Review [[#531](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21?pane=issue&itemId=35490847&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C531)]
* Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair [[#694](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/694)]

# Notes

## Tessia Annual Review

Deepak Kulkarni presented the Tessia Annual Review.

Giancarlo Frix motioned to renew the Tessia project. Joe Bostian seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Tessia project is hereby renewed for another year at the incubation phase.


## Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair

John Mertic presented the initial policy proposal.  

Sean Grady asked the question, “Does the Vice Chair automatically become the TAC chair?”  Mertic confirmed that the vice chair would automatically become the TAC chair.  Mertic added that the TAC may want to put in language to allow for flexibility.  

Mertic added the following to the policy:

> If a TAC Chairperson or Vice Chairperson needs to step down for any reason, they must provide notice to the TAC with a one-month notice to the TAC.  If the Chairperson would step down, the Vice Chairperson would assume those responsibilities.  If the Vice Chairperson steps down or the Vice Chairperson’s role is vacated due to the Chairperson stepping down, the TAC would elect a new Vice Chairperson.  

Joe Bostian motioned to accept the proposal.  Sean Grady seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair is hereby accepted.
