---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-06-13"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - June 13, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/Ne_2GWCzfJv0XGoQVTtcj51hPOqrf7Fl0bDDmSmiq43ECJoQwDj6-tH7eijgRdy8znEQ7zRYcjyJM_Sl.S9-ORLhBzHzbhnpr?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F46XJdwYiClp__M3wfJoaOg29WCGRrakrRucDuO37vH6x010XlKBC_W2XVN-QeJEU.8IIswi_JgSjmf3zO)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation


## Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative


## Other attendees



* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation
* Lionel Dyck, Trident Services
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Vinnie Terrone, Vicom Infinity, Inc.


# Agenda



* Feilong Annual Review [[#579](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/579)]
* Mainframe Open Education [[#494](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/494)]


# Notes


## LFX Calendar Feature

Yarille Ortiz gave an overview of the new calendar feature available to all projects in the Open Mainframe Project.  Mike Friesenegger asked the question: “Will this replace the public calendar on the Open Mainframe Project website?”  Ortiz answered that it will and that John Mertic will have more information at the next TAC meeting.


## Feilong Annual Review

Mike Friesenegger presented the annual review for the Feilong Project.  Voting on the project renewal will take place in LFX.


## Mainframe Open Education Annual Review

Moved to the next meeting.


## Open Discussion

Sudharsana Srinivasan provided an update on the summer mentorship project for the COBOL Programming Course. 

Elizabeth Joseph provided an update on the summer mentorship project for Open Education Project.

Mike Friesenegger asked the question: “Can you provide information on the LLC requirements?”  Yarille Ortiz answered that John Mertic will provide that information.

Srinivasan asked the question: “Is there an update on the Mainframe Infrastructure?”

Ortiz answered that it is currently delayed.  Tom Slanda added that the cause of the delay was an additional contract related to the mainframe hardware being previously used.
