---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-02-08"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 8, 2024

# Attendance

## Voting member attendance

[ ] Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative

[ ] Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

[x] Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation

[x] Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

[ ] Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

[x] Mike Friesenegger - SUSE LLC

[ ] Phil  Tully - Citi

[x] Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

[ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

Quorum not achieved

## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Ray Mullins

# Meeting Recording

The link to the meeting recording and transcript is: [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/Fro7La1txC-SxVwUj44az-KIp0on5opvtOmrlFzI7nzgHLPptdjvKAb7teV1h1ss.8kRXVmiM1MxYrOUi)

# Notes


# **CD Foundation Best Practices SIG**

**[#460] ([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460))-** Mr. Mertic provided an update and said the SIG has stalled out, and he is getting more information from others within the CD Foundation.

**- OpenTelemetry SIG formation [#535]([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535))**

Mr. Mertic said a guest would be attending the net meeting to speak about this SIG.

**- Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects [#541]([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541))**

Mr. Mertic reviewed the list of projects and their stage within the OpenSSF badge certification process. He said a big focus during his project check-ins in the new year will be centered around this. Mr. Mertic spoke about LFX Security and reminded the TAC of the value. 

**- Mainframe Update-** Mr. Santalucia will notify the group when the migration will happen.

Mr. Mertic spoke about an AI working group. Mr. Bostian and Mr. Santalucia expressed interest in joining.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-02-22"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 8, 2024

# Attendance

## Voting member attendance

[x] Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative

[x] Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

[x] Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

[x] Mike Friesenegger - SUSE LLC

[x] Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

## Voting members not in attendance

[ ] Phil  Tully - Citi

[ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

[ ] Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation

[ ] Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

Quorum not achieved

## Other attendees



* Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
* Donna Hudi
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Len Santalucia
* Ruediger Shulze

# Meeting Recording

The link to the meeting recording and transcript is: [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/Ft8Brlpdh2zlltjqcyl1ADI3_DRJ_dkPpkTyEGVSUMbqBDJuiwvsR9YIYKSj5QUZ.pwsGhc76MXdjxO55)

# Notes

**OpenTelemetry SIG formation [#535]([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535))**

**[Presentation Slides](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1l2z194WwIfdK0UlS3IaKYidHtYkrozvM?lfhs=2)**

Mr. Ruediger Schulze gave a presentation on the OpenTelemetry SIG. He explained “Observability” and outlined what OpenTelemetry is. He shared its mission: To enable effective observability by making high-quality, portable telemetry ubiquitous. Mr. Shulze explained its impact as well as its goals. He shared ways for community members to get engaged and learn more.

Ms. Ortiz shared the upcoming TAC meeting agendas.

Click [here](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1) to view future Open Mainframe TAC agendas.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-03-14"
---


# **Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - March 14, 2023**


## Date/Time 
Meetings are held monthly on the second and fourth Thursdays unless otherwise stated. 


Agenda posted at: [https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21](url)

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar), subject to the mailing lists to which to which you are subscribed.


**Conference call details:**

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings).


**Meeting Recording:**

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/z-2SnfcKnklXF8B611y_RyYZKn-IGAivZd_GFFCdrDuWX7sEa3Bq9CdS_kxUjVbP.9i28QVq6JsFqbr6Y](https://zoom.us/rec/play/qezppQDZu71DP0C4YSerxW4EVhsqjz8gwyrpkuAr9ozDlayLTR200YTQsR1V_GcW892d1y4rbTfqcSY.C-DbPBXRBQpu7cPM?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FmxI_9MA-yrW-aO2PWqckGXxbYkO1D9tk9bTQBjPcPOyjIiA0NpVQ1a4PNkwh-tL-.RJPYCKVzqiMR8Dpp)


## Attendance


**Voting member rollcall:**


* Joe Bostian, IBM ( Platinum Member )
* Andrea Orth ( GenevaERS )
* Sean Grady, Rocket Software ( Zowe )
* Sudharsana Srinivasan, IBM ( COBOL Programming Course )
* Gregory MacKinnon, Broadcom ( Platinum Member )

 
**Not in Attendance**


* Phil Tully, Citi ( Platinum Member )
* Lauren Valenti, IBM ( MOE )
* Giancarlo Frix, Rocket Software ( Platinum Member )
* Mike Friesseneger, SUSE ( Platinum Member )

    Quorum Not Achieved.



**Other Attendees**


* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Donna Hudi
* Igor Todorovski
* Claus Bjoerno
* Lionel Dyck
* Russell Wilson
* David Edelsohn
* Bruce Armstrong
* Gngrossi
* Harithamma D
* Ingo Adlung



## Agenda

Extracted from meeting-agenda labeled issues and pull requests from [https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1).



* Mentorship Program Submissions [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)]
* Review 2024 Goals and Objectives [[#618](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/618)]
* Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]
* Mainframe resource coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project [[#620](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/620)]
* New Project Proposal - z/OS Open Tools [[#625](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/625)]
* Add reinstatement policy to Ambassador program [[#631](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/631)] 



## Notes 
**Mentorship Program Submissions** [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)] 

Mr. Mertic spoke about the Summer Mentorship program and stated the window for submissions is open. Ms. Ortiz provided the link to the submission form: [https://forms.gle/mMsVyomi7FKpre3eA](https://forms.gle/mMsVyomi7FKpre3eA) as well as a mentor guide.

**Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects**[[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]

Mr. Mertic gave an update on the OpenSSF Best Practices badge for projects. He mentioned there is still a lot of work to be done with projects in the incubation level and that the focus over the next few weeks will be clean up work.

**Mainframe resource coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]** 
Mr. Mertic updated the TAC on the Mainframe and said the hope is to have it active by the summer. He said all of the necessary agreements have been agreed to and that they are working on getting them executed in order to get it all going.

**CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project [[#620](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/620)]** 

Mr. Mertic introduced CLOTributor, a product from CNCF. He said it works by searching through GitHub issues and pulling any that are tagged, “help wanted”  and adds them to list, so people can go find them. He said this allows for greater visibility for people looking to contribute.

 
**Add reinstatement policy to Ambassador program [[#631](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/631)]** 

Mr. Mertic, reviewed a new policy for Ambassadors if there is a lapse in their contributions. He outlined the requirements and said Ambassadors can be reinstated,  by participating in at least one Open Mainframe Project asset per half year ( Jan-June, July-Dec ). 

**Examples include:**


- Submitting a blog post for the Open Mainframe website
- Participating in an interview (TechStrong TV, TFIR, or other)
- Submitting a speaking abstract on behalf of the project
- Speaking at a conference or tradeshow
- Leading a meetup
- Speaking at a webinar

Failure to do so may result in removal from the Ambassador Program. If an ambassador is removed from the program due to inactivity, they can be reinstated after participating in an asset in both of the periods following their removal. If the ambassador does not complete the reinstatement process, they can become an ambassador again by re-applying.

The TAC voting members in attendance agreed with the new policy however due to no quorum, Ms. Ortiz will send a vote via LFX.

**New Project Proposal - z/OS Open Tools [[#625](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/625)]**

Mr. Todorovski presented the z/OS Tools project. Mr. Grady had questions regarding the package manager and a discussion ensued. Mr. Bostian noted looking forward to the vote, which will be sent via LFX.

There being no further business, the meeting adjourned at 1:43 p.m.

---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-04-11"
---



# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - April 11, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/xH94MjLbXftUY35Jb_9khS1OjfTm8pXicoNCbZPsBaH_YEgEeCTLZBcpug34wBtR.LiPGp_chHpPazAPE](https://zoom.us/rec/share/xH94MjLbXftUY35Jb_9khS1OjfTm8pXicoNCbZPsBaH_YEgEeCTLZBcpug34wBtR.LiPGp_chHpPazAPE)


# Attendance


### Voting Member Attendance



* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative


### Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

### Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Ray Mullins
* Lionel Dyck
* Donna Hudi
* Michael Bauer
* Daniel Horák
* Len Santalucia


# Agenda



* Mentorship Program Submissions [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)]
* COBOL Programming Course [[#585](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/585)]
* Review OpenSSF Best Practices Badge Status and LFX Security Usage for Projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]
* Mainframe Resource Coming Online Status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project [[#620](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/620)]


## Notes


#### **Mentorship Program Submissions:**

Ms. Ortiz provided an update on the summer mentorship term. She noted 8 programs have been submitted so far, and there is still time to submit programs. She said programs would begin opening for applications upon approval in LFX. 
 
Mr. Santalucia asked if there were any programs submitted by the Zebra project. Ms. Ortiz said she would be reaching out to the group one more time.

Mr. Mertic said the mentorships would be announced publicly in the next week. 



#### **COBOL Programming Course:**

Ms. Srinivasana and Mr. Bauer presented the annual review for the COBOL Programming Course. They shared accomplishments from the past year and their focus for the future. Ms. Srinivasana announced that her mentee from the 2023 Summer Mentorship will be joining her as a co-mentor for their 2024 Summer program.

*Due to the lack of a quorum, a vote to renew the project will be taken via LFX.*

#### **OpenSSF Best Practices Badge and LFX Security Status**:

Mr. Mertic will provide an update at the next meeting.

#### **Mainframe Status:** 
Mr. Mertic reported that progress continues, and the proper agreements are in place.  Mr. Mertic confirmed that mentees will have access to the Mainframe Resource.  Mr. Mertic said he will have another update in the next couple of weeks and that projects will be transitioned through the summer of 2024.

Mr. Mertic said he would contact a potential HMC donor and provide information on the donation process. Mr. Santalucia confirmed that an HMC can be purchased if necessary.

Mr. Mertic will request Paul Newton to verify if 1 CP will be sufficient for the COBOL Programming Course


#### 2024 Goals and Objectives:
Mr. Mertic presented the Open Mainframe Project’s 2024 Goals and Objectives.  Ms. Hudi confirmed that the Open Mainframe Project has secured a training track for the GSE/SHARE event.  Mr. Mertic identified that open source software education is a gap for the Open Mainframe Project audience, and this is an area for improvement.

A copy of the presentation can be found here: [https://github.com/openmainframeproject/foundation/blob/main/goals/2024.pdf](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/foundation/blob/main/goals/2024.pdf)
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-04-25"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - April 25, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[https://zoom.us/rec/share/_PtSHT9dAJ-2rzj9SDvHjY2IMHTZIUqTysk5C4zqyvXpmPEBuxJdDtBk_UkS80VT.iFGoVFsV6htHVK0e](https://zoom.us/rec/share/_PtSHT9dAJ-2rzj9SDvHjY2IMHTZIUqTysk5C4zqyvXpmPEBuxJdDtBk_UkS80VT.iFGoVFsV6htHVK0e)


## Attendance


### Voting Member Attendance



* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative


### Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative


### Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Donna Hudi
* Louisa Seers
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Len Santalucia
* Cam Seay


## Agenda



* Galasa Annual Review [[#584](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/584)]
* Mentorship Program Submissions [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)]
* Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]
* CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project [[#620](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/620)]
* Mainframe resource coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]


## Notes


### Mentorship Program Submissions:
Ms. Ortiz provided an update on the Mentorship Program.  There is still time to submit programs.  A blog entry announcing the programs for the Summer 2024 term will be live soon.


### Mainframe Status:
Mr. Mertic reported that the Mainframe project is on track.  They are coordinating with Bruce and his team for initial setup and configuration.


### Galasa Annual Review:
Ms. Seers presented the annual review for Galasa.  The presentation will be available in the Open Mainframe Project GitHub repository. Due to not having a quorum, a vote for renewal will take place via LFX.


### OpenSSF Best Practices Badge and LFX Security Status:
No updates at this time.


### CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project:
No updates at this time.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-05-09"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 9, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/HrtMRULCg8iZg2Yb0DWlCM1rzZPXWNoyRoB26PNKIyGAFxGXco-2Be3kkYrlxTOu1xsXu0-EwpUCWPC7.xzMlzinjlCOOLOns?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FIs4xMopbIqhlP7t4uVUWt8gNbCobP66lV_exfOpO8mt2g4NwrYkzOviEQ2inCnA.Y7Km_UO1TT2Qj4va)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance



* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation


## Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative


## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Lionel Dyck
* Len Santalucia
* Daniel Horak


# Agenda



* Feilong Annual Review [[#579](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/579)]
* Mentorship Program Submissions [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)]
* Mainframe Infrastructure Status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project [[#620](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/620)]
* Review OpenSSF Best Practices Badge Status and LFX Security Usage [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]


# Notes


## Feilong Annual Review

To be rescheduled


## Mentorship Program Submissions

Ms. Ortiz provided an update on the Summer 2024 term for the mentorship program.  She said that to date, there are 11 programs being offered and approximately 500 applications received.  She explained that the application window is scheduled to close on May 10, 2024 and that Mentors will start reviewing applications the week of May 13, 2024.


## Mainframe Infrastructure Status

Mr. Mertic reported on the status of the Mainframe Infrastructure project.  He said that an SSR will be going on-site to do an evaluation of the mainframe prior to the installation.  He added that an HMC may need to be sourced, depending on the findings of the inspection.


## New Calendar for LFX Meetings 

Mr. Mertic showed the new calendar pages in LFX.  He demonstrated that the calendar will show all scheduled meetings, as well as past meetings and recordings.  He also said this new calendar page will eventually replace the calendar on the mailing list site.  


## CLOTributor for Open Mainframe Project

To be rescheduled


## Review OpenSSF Best Practices Badge Status and LFX Security Usage

Mr. Mertic spoke to recent security events, specifically the xz Backdoor incident.  He reported that due to this incident, the Governing Board has decided on three ways to improve the security posture of our projects. He said they will ensure all projects are current with their OpenSSF badge.  He said they will also start tracking OpenSSF scorecards for all projects.  Lastly, he shared that they will search for other tools that can be made available across projects.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-05-23"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 23, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at <https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar>, subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at <https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings>.

## Meeting Recording
A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:
[Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/7TWCy0hqyrk7g2ZABnzv_WEN1WTnfnkg7Q68-cEEEYcE6ZzdpQDKiisXRGcvSt-BW1fj1jNCbVmgYaY.9P0elFCO1Cg8UDw9?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FIC32ss_8dfm3IE-DenvuW39P98jZim80XwSbWepAoWeJ-fIpw5bNdlkGJPX2LsKG.WZil5I3UACnLKhTz)

# Attendance
## Voting Member Attendance
 - Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
 - Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
   
## Voting Members Not in Attendance
 - Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
 - Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
 - Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
 - Phil Tully - Citi
 - Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
 - Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
 - Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
   
## Other attendees
 - John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
 - Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
 - Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
 - Elizabeth Joseph
 - Daniel Horak
 - Divya Goswami
 - Cam Seay

# Agenda
 - Software Discovery Tool [[#580](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/580)]
 - Mentorship Program Submissions [[#629](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/629)]
 - Mainframe Infrastructure Status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
 - Improve the security posture of our projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]
 - New calendar for LFX Meetings [[#656](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/656)]

## Mentorship Program Submissions
John Mertic provided a brief update on the mentorship program.  Mertic said there are over 1500 applications to date and mentors are selecting mentees this week.

Yarille Ortiz provided additional updates, reporting that Ortiz has been sending out letters to accepted and declined mentees.  Ortiz and Tom Slanda are also responding to and answering mentee questions.

Mertic added that the team is working on reaching out to all mentees, while prioritizing the selected mentees first.  

Elizabeth Joseph provided feedback from the Finalize React Front-End mentorship project.  Joseph said that too many applicants applied and it was difficult to review all of the applications.  Joseph believes the name of the project (React Front-End) contributed to this, since many applicants have experience in React.  Ortiz responded that Joseph provided great feedback and encouraged Joseph to attend the retrospective meeting that Ortiz and Slanda will host at the end of the term and will collect feedback from the mentors in order to make improvements for next year.

## Mainframe Infrastructure Status
John Mertic reported that the project is behind due to an unexpected, additional agreement that must be signed.  Mertic said this agreement is due to the hardware being previously used.  Mertic said that it is unlikely that the Mainframe will be ready for the mentees to use on June 1, and as such, OMP has secured a mainframe for the mentees to use.  

## Improve the security posture of our projects
John Mertic said that the Governing Board will work more actively with projects over the summer to improve security.

## New Calendar for LFX Meetings
John Mertic shared the feedback received regarding a feature to send email reminders.  Mertic said this feature has been requested by multiple parties and the dev team is currently scoping the enhancement.  Mertic added that if projects are comfortable, they can request to switch off of Groups.io calendar, in favor of the new calendar.

## Software Discovery Tool Annual Review
Elizabeth Joseph presented the Software Discovery Tool Annual Review.  Joseph showed the development work done by mentees last summer during the mentorship project.  Joseph previewed the new front-end that will be developed this summer.  Joseph also requested an updated software list from Rocket Software to load into the discovery tool.

_Due to the lack of a quorum, a vote to renew the project will be taken via LFX._

## Cobol Working Group
Cam Seay reported that the Cobol Working Group is still alive and kicking.  Seay said they are working on identifying code blocks that can be refactored and modernized.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-06-13"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - June 13, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below: \
[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/Ne_2GWCzfJv0XGoQVTtcj51hPOqrf7Fl0bDDmSmiq43ECJoQwDj6-tH7eijgRdy8znEQ7zRYcjyJM_Sl.S9-ORLhBzHzbhnpr?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F46XJdwYiClp__M3wfJoaOg29WCGRrakrRucDuO37vH6x010XlKBC_W2XVN-QeJEU.8IIswi_JgSjmf3zO)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation


## Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative


## Other attendees



* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation
* Lionel Dyck, Trident Services
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Vinnie Terrone, Vicom Infinity, Inc.


# Agenda



* Feilong Annual Review [[#579](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/579)]
* Mainframe Open Education [[#494](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/494)]


# Notes


## LFX Calendar Feature

Yarille Ortiz gave an overview of the new calendar feature available to all projects in the Open Mainframe Project.  Mike Friesenegger asked the question: “Will this replace the public calendar on the Open Mainframe Project website?”  Ortiz answered that it will and that John Mertic will have more information at the next TAC meeting.


## Feilong Annual Review

Mike Friesenegger presented the annual review for the Feilong Project.  Voting on the project renewal will take place in LFX.


## Mainframe Open Education Annual Review

Moved to the next meeting.


## Open Discussion

Sudharsana Srinivasan provided an update on the summer mentorship project for the COBOL Programming Course. 

Elizabeth Joseph provided an update on the summer mentorship project for Open Education Project.

Mike Friesenegger asked the question: “Can you provide information on the LLC requirements?”  Yarille Ortiz answered that John Mertic will provide that information.

Srinivasan asked the question: “Is there an update on the Mainframe Infrastructure?”

Ortiz answered that it is currently delayed.  Tom Slanda added that the cause of the delay was an additional contract related to the mainframe hardware being previously used.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-06-27"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - June 27, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/CTOUdsRvUY4PXDPpGMpgz3qUtvTylOmXj0QVHRfN6DSE4tEo3L3l4U-JrVPvMvi2BPJ8H1ZK6W6gw-WG.PUXraVKjVf_M1TOt?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F3S7WzZ0Hhlav1_B9TxSeXXZNhstIPznSPJI68wqwajF3aQpXb6DuhJMO_Et55lm3.tYVm_G0n6K078zPF)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance

* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

## Other attendees

* Yarille Ortiz, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software

# Agenda

* Mainframe Open Education [[#494](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/494)]
* Mainframe infrastructure coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* New calendar for LFX Meetings [[#656](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/656)]

# Notes

## Mainframe Open Education Annual Review

Lauren Valenti presented the annual review for the Mainframe Open Education project.  Phil Tully suggested that the project expand its scope beyond z/OS in order to attract more interest.  John Mertic inquired about the usage of the materials.  Valenti responded that adoption is increasing.

Tully motioned to renew the Mainframe Open Education project for another year.  Andrea Orth seconded the motion, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Mainframe Open Education project is hereby renewed for another year.


## Mainframe infrastructure coming online status

John Mertic provided an update on the mainframe infrastructure project.  Mertic said the mainframe is still not online and IBM is currently assisting with the installation.


## New calendar for LFX Meetings

John Mertic reported that the iCal feature will be rolling out soon.  Mertic said he also submitted the feature request for notifications.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-07-11"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - July 11, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/C9PNY4KkpYbgHdaZMD2zvfXXpr8WbsVAqeaG6DHc9jmUc4NCXENY26iEbDrkBs8t.pEWobG4DV14ZfBf0)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance



* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Phil Tully - Citi

Quorum Achieved


## Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative


## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Len Santalucia, Converge
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Kevin Sandi, The Linux Foundation
* Gabriel Gordon-Hall


# Agenda

* Zorse [[#642](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/642)]
* z/VM Community Tools Annual Review [[#454](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/454)]
* Mainframe infrastructure coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* New calendar for LFX Meetings [[#656](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/656)]
* Discuss Atlassian Cloud Migration [[#677](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/677)]


# Notes


## Zorse

Gabriel Gordon-Hall presented a new project proposal for Zorse.  

The project description is:  Zorse aims to collect a dataset of production COBOL and associated mainframe languages which Large Language Models can be fine-tuned on.

Phil Tully motioned to accept Zorse into the Open Mainframe Project at the sandbox phase.  Sean Grady seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Zorse project is hereby accepted into the Open Mainframe Project at the sandbox phase.



## Discuss Atlassian Cloud Migration

Kevin Sandi presented a proposal to migrate all Confluence libraries and wikis to the Atlassian Cloud.



## New calendar for LFX Meetings

John Mertic reported that the iCal feature is now live on PCC.  Mertic said he will create vanity URLs for each project’s calendar.  Mertic proposed that all groups move to the new LFX calendar, and if the group would like to keep their Groups.io calendar, it would become the responsibility of the project to maintain.



## Mainframe infrastructure coming online status

John Mertic reported that the project is still ongoing.  Mertic said the current roadblock is scheduling time with Marist College.



## z/VM Community Tools Annual Review

This has been rescheduled for a future TAC meeting.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-07-25"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - July 25, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/C9PNY4KkpYbgHdaZMD2zvfXXpr8WbsVAqeaG6DHc9jmUc4NCXENY26iEbDrkBs8t.pEWobG4DV14ZfBf0)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

Quorum Not Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Phil Tully - Citi

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Len Santalucia, Converge
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation

# Agenda

* Mainframe infrastructure coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* New calendar for LFX Meetings [[#656](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/656)]
* Improve the security posture of our projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]

# Notes

## Mainframe Infrastructure

John Mertic reported that work is continuing with Marist College 

## Atlassian Cloud Migration

John Mertic reported that this is scheduled for this week.

## Improve the Security Posture of our Projects

John Mertic said that work is being done on badges and scorecards

## New Calendar for LFX Meetings

John Mertic reported that updates have been made to the calendar page, including support for iCal.  Mertic said that email notifications are on the development roadmap.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-08-22"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - August 22, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/kWieeLbdn5Y5bNfxezCyBe56cwx3ZKYwyND50PxWMRqJIVM6mVCb11E9PPlr4n_C.51oADKjJV4_AV6T1)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation

# Agenda

* Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair [[#694](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/694)]
* Reminder on project policies [[#692](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=75533628)]
* Looking for Open Mainframe Projects for Western Students [[#690](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=75370535)]
* Discuss Atlassian Cloud Migration [[#677](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=70222335)]
* Mainframe infrastructure coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=45291652)]
* COBOL Check [[#578](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42386613)]
* Improve the security posture of our projects [[#541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541)]

# Notes

## Mainframe infrastructure coming online status

John Mertic reported that the project is working with Marist College on solving networking issues.

## Discuss Atlassian Cloud Migration

Mertic said the migration to Atlassian Cloud is complete.  Mertic asked the TAC for their feedback and experience thus far.  Elizabeth Joseph reported an issue to Tom Slanda regarding editing permissions.  Slanda put in a ticket with LF Support and the issue is now resolved.

## Improve the security posture of our projects

Mertic said security will be a focus for the TAC in Q4 of 2024.

## Looking for Open Mainframe Projects for Western Students

Mertic reported that Western University has students that are looking for projects.  Mertic asked the TAC members to reach out to Mertic or Slanda if they were interested in working with the students.

## Reminder on project policies

Mertic reminded the TAC that it is best practice to start every meeting with the Linux Foundation Antitrust Policy Notice.  Mertic requested that any antitrust questions or concerns that arise during a meeting be brought to Open Mainframe Project staff. 

## TAC Chair/Vice Chair

Phil Tully said that due to his work schedule and availability, he needs help with the TAC chair position.  Tully said his goal is to spread out the time commitment, as well as bring other organizations into the fold.  

Mertic said the proposed policy of a Chair and Vice Chair was modeled after other communities and industry groups.  Mertic added that details of the proposed policy can be found in the TAC repo.

Tully said there is no set timeline on this transition and that Tully and Mertic are looking for feedback from the TAC and other members.

Mertic said that the TAC will revisit the topic at the next meeting, and potentially have an out-of-band meeting to discuss details.

## COBOL Check

The COBOL Check annual review will be rescheduled for a future TAC meeting.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-09-12"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - September 12, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/h464kvOPzo4TvMwGWEEz6GmbQjy8IT3Iz2WttrjgVWrO2km3u_eBcHrCCWepHFxV.UzGcGyVNlaM4OK6J)


# Attendance


## Voting Member Attendance



* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

Quorum Achieved


## Voting Members Not in Attendance



* Phil Tully - Citi
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative


## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Lionel Dyck, Trident Services
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation


# Agenda



* Ambitus Annual Review [[#577](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42386250)]
* z/OS Open Tools
* Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair [[#694](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/694)]
* Looking for Open Mainframe Projects for Western Students [[#690](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=75370535)]
* TSTerm Annual Review [[#506](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=31435641)]


# Notes


## Ambitus

Joe Bostian presented the annual review for Ambitus.  Greg MacKinnon motioned to renew the Ambitus project.  Mike Friesenegger seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Ambitus project is hereby renewed for another year at the incubation phase.


## z/OS Open Tools

John Mertic reported that the z/OS Open Tools project is changing their name to Zopen.


## Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair

John Mertic reviewed the proposed changes to the TAC Chair that were presented at the previous TAC meeting. 

Greg MacKinnon and Mike Friesenegger suggested voting on the policy change at the next TAC meeting, to allow for further discussion and contemplation among the voting members.


## Looking for Open Mainframe Projects for Western Students

John Mertic requested to be contacted if there are any projects that could use assistance from students from Western University.


## TSTerm

The TSTerm annual review will be rescheduled for a future meeting. 
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-09-26"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - September 26, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/iEBeI4MlO61tnoCPX-nn_ygn_4eufPTOFg3R8-1TYbveirlxBnPKmqkPyAgb1Kvy.WUPV3qTpWnSbF7GP)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

No Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Converge Technology
* Misty Decker, Kyndryl 
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Kip Twitchell, IBM Watson Health
* Neil Beesley, IBM
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation

# Agenda

* GenevaERS Annual Review [[#575](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42385478)]
* Mainframe Modernization WG Annual Review [[#529](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=35490696)]
* Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair [[#694](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/694)]

# Notes

## Mainframe Modernization WG Annual Review

Misty Decker presented the annual review for the Mainframe Modernization Working Group.

A renewal vote will take place offline in LFX.

## GenevaERS Annual Review

Andrea Orth, Kip Twitchell and Neil Beesley presented the annual review for the GenevaERS project.

A renewal vote will take place offline in LFX.

## Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair

John Mertic reviewed the initial policy proposal.  Mertic suggested the members review the proposal and prepare for a vote at the next TAC meeting.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-10-10"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - October 10, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.


## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)


## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/share/m3d-sF-BbcRsTvVuxhjSrW8r_9yZLXEq37EWVekqBxLMg8WVSSoWHklKSV2LeaY.yjCWNr5RuEnOGGeJ)


# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Converge Technology
* Deepak Kulkarni, International Business Machines Corporation
* K G Sanjaykumar
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation 
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software

# Agenda

* Tessia Annual Review [[#531](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21?pane=issue&itemId=35490847&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C531)]
* Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair [[#694](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/pull/694)]

# Notes

## Tessia Annual Review

Deepak Kulkarni presented the Tessia Annual Review.

Giancarlo Frix motioned to renew the Tessia project. Joe Bostian seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Tessia project is hereby renewed for another year at the incubation phase.


## Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair

John Mertic presented the initial policy proposal.  

Sean Grady asked the question, “Does the Vice Chair automatically become the TAC chair?”  Mertic confirmed that the vice chair would automatically become the TAC chair.  Mertic added that the TAC may want to put in language to allow for flexibility.  

Mertic added the following to the policy:

> If a TAC Chairperson or Vice Chairperson needs to step down for any reason, they must provide notice to the TAC with a one-month notice to the TAC.  If the Chairperson would step down, the Vice Chairperson would assume those responsibilities.  If the Vice Chairperson steps down or the Vice Chairperson’s role is vacated due to the Chairperson stepping down, the TAC would elect a new Vice Chairperson.  

Joe Bostian motioned to accept the proposal.  Sean Grady seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Initial policy on TAC Chair/Vice Chair is hereby accepted.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-11-14"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - November 14, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/vnUvbkdoz2Owx-Iz_P_Y42h1f2kLL-ock8LVXxr-xz7IImvbs_BZXxzjK4tXK-v1bD6XD8ppIVJb6hvv.SSz3jEC5Fzgo44jj?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FVFbN2cFrNYs3P7f6cX3vqH-HDc_JHvVdJGvwQwBdm0BfZvfp9ta7TDqvBhqBYybn.LvOHwX9pZkz38PZj)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

Quorum Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia, Converge Technology
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation 
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software

# Agenda

* Zowe Annual Review [[#526](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=35489473&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C526)]
* TAC Vice Chair Election [[#725](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=85535845&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C725)]

# Notes

## Zowe Annual Review

Sean Grady presented the Zowe Annual Review.

Giancarol Frix motioned to renew the Zowe project.  Mike Friesenegger seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Zowe project is hereby renewed for another year at the active phase.

## TAC Vice Chair Election

John Mertic reported that the election will take place at the next TAC meeting on December 12, 2024.
---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-12-12"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - December 12, 2024

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/Yqft_R-D647qAEaJQnlppZRYTRheNQEVqTOhQE0MyJLnmM1ISNmeD_XE80bhW6nHxxqz1aYQN3vG0yy8.G5-c7GxjhdXchJaL?canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FlKVkJ3RUi102kNo8Yu6AQlBf5YHvfU6GsZ1qrytknGIDLt2T1z2HMMyMOqLzkadp.dH4cCEE6agn3msop)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation

Quorum Not Achieved

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

## Other attendees

* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.
* Donna Hudi, Rocket Software
* Sarah Julia Kriesch, Linux Distributions Working Group

# Agenda

* Linux Distributions Working Group Annual Review [[#532](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=35491026&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C532)]
* TAC Vice Chair Election [[#725](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=85535845&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C725)]

# Notes

## Linux Distributions Working Group Annual Review

Sarah Julia Kriesch presented the Linux Distributions Working Group Annual Review.

A renewal vote will take place offline in LFX.

## TAC Vice Chair Election

John Mertic opened the discussion around electing someone to the new Vice Chair role.  Mertic requested that anyone interested in the role, please reach out to Open Mainframe Project staff.
