---
parent: Meetings
title: "2024-02-08"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 8, 2024

# Attendance

## Voting member attendance

[ ] Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative

[ ] Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

[x] Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation

[x] Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

[ ] Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

[x] Mike Friesenegger - SUSE LLC

[ ] Phil  Tully - Citi

[x] Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

[ ] Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative

Quorum not achieved

## Other attendees



* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Yarille Kilborn, The Linux Foundation
* Len Santalucia
* Elizabeth Joseph
* Ray Mullins

# Meeting Recording

The link to the meeting recording and transcript is: [here](https://zoom.us/rec/share/Fro7La1txC-SxVwUj44az-KIp0on5opvtOmrlFzI7nzgHLPptdjvKAb7teV1h1ss.8kRXVmiM1MxYrOUi)

# Notes


# **CD Foundation Best Practices SIG**

**[#460] ([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/460))-** Mr. Mertic provided an update and said the SIG has stalled out, and he is getting more information from others within the CD Foundation.

**- OpenTelemetry SIG formation [#535]([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/535))**

Mr. Mertic said a guest would be attending the net meeting to speak about this SIG.

**- Review OpenSSF Best Practices badge status and LFX Security usage for projects [#541]([https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/541))**

Mr. Mertic reviewed the list of projects and their stage within the OpenSSF badge certification process. He said a big focus during his project check-ins in the new year will be centered around this. Mr. Mertic spoke about LFX Security and reminded the TAC of the value. 

**- Mainframe Update-** Mr. Santalucia will notify the group when the migration will happen.

Mr. Mertic spoke about an AI working group. Mr. Bostian and Mr. Santalucia expressed interest in joining.
