---
parent: Meetings
title: "2025-05-08"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - May 8, 2025

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/KCvr5Q05ZPpwpthImTbYvjgz43ctSibHp90JtmED43P2YJCIDjfopI9UagGi-GPyjbsRawLM0c7hQMhA.az8jXsrjlFWPXy5z?accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F5Wf6gH5Kv-xWjjubM2ZPYyYirfQShvuNRxU0_-tK_iwigfvK2n9HDDbwp2WfefL4.NpjAUaospZU4jJ9Y).

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software

Quorum Achieved.

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

## Other attendees

* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Donna Hudi, Phoenix Software International
* Leon Kiriliuk, IBM
* Rishi
* Rohan Sen
* Aaron Kippins, IBM
* Joe Devlin, Zoss Team
* Cam Seay, East Carolina University

# Agenda

* Software Discovery Tool Annual Review [[#580](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42387549&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C580)]
* New Project Proposal - Mainframe Software Hub for Linux [[#825](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=105750713&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C825)]
* TSTerm Annual Review [[#506](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=31435641&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C506)]
* z/VM Community Tools [[#454](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=28234149&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C454)]
* COBOL Check [[#578](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42386613&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C578)]
* Strategy Session [[#763](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=95733699&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C763)]

# Notes

## General Updates

* IBM TechXchange 2025
    * On October 6, Open Mainframe Project is holding Community Day.
        * The CFP will begin this week and will run through June 30th.

## Software Discovery Tool Annual Review

Elizabeth Joseph presented the Software Discovery Tool Annual Review.  A renewal vote will take place offline in LFX


## New Project Proposal - Mainframe Software Hub for Linux

Elizabeth Joseph, Leon Kiriluk and Rishi presented the new project proposal for the Mainframe Software Hub for Linux.

Mike Friesnegger motioned to approve the Project Proposal - Mainframe Software Hub for Linux.  Sudharsana Srinivasan seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That the Mainframe Software Hub for Linux is hereby approved as a new project at the Sandbox level.


## TSTerm Annual Review

Joe Devlin presented the annual review for TSTerm.

Greg MacKinnon motioned to approve TSTerm for another year at the Sandbox level.  Friesnegger seconded, and all were in favor.

**RESOLVED** - That TSTerm is hereby approved for another year at the Sandbox level.


## z/VM Community Tools and COBOL Check

John Mertic reported that both projects are still looking for leadership and participation.


## Discontinue [community.openmainframeproject.org](community.openmainframeproject.org)

Tom Slanda said that Discourse has provided an export of the site data.  Slanda said that Discourse offers a read-only tier for $15 per month.  Discussion ensued, and there was no consensus on which data was worth archiving.

Mertic volunteered to provide the update to the Governing Board for further discussion.
