---
parent: Meetings
title: "2025-07-10"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - July 10, 2025

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

[A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at this link](https://zoom.us/rec/play/oUumK-wSxUdB_G3mq0LImiIQZ_Ce0HIoOyYISsTCBqTUypEpU0VVC-PmCVsUI6kc5cD7XBWegah53XfX.yZfNfQC_VlNbVJ9S?eagerLoadZvaPages=sidemenu.billing.plan_management&accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F7AGtLd7ypJMSK9Jyvc74Y-7W-KjcJfiomfwrRbOUTnUfVXYYsUWKAr969_4bES8I.PYlvWc0qX4ZfvFDK).

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

Quorum Not Achieved.

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation

## Other attendees

* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat
* Jeff Brown, EMMA
* Cam Seay, East Carolina University
* Len Santalucia, Converge Technologies Solutions

# Agenda

* TAC Strategy Session [[#763](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=95733699&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C763)]
* TAC Vice Chair Election [[#725](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=85535845&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C725)]
* Create process for reporting conduct and tool usage violations [[#832](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=107815119&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C832)]

# Notes

## General Updates

## TAC Strategy Session

John Mertic reported that volunteers are still needed to lead the “Directory of Experts” group and the “AI Chatbot for Project Documentation” initiative.

## TAC Vice Chair Elections

Mertic reported the election for the 2026 TAC Vice Chair will be held in December - Mike Friesenegger will transition to the main chairperson role and Phil Tully will step down.

## Create process for reporting conduct and tool usage violations

John Mertic reported the projects have a Code of Conduct policy, but an enforcement policy is currently missing. Mertic added the proposed policy aims to provide transparency and a structured approach, serving as a default for sub-projects unless they choose to deviate.

Sean Grady raised concerns about the practical enforcement of bans, particularly on platforms like Zoom and GitHub.  Mertic responded that project-owned channels, such as Slack and GitHub often have mechanisms for account removal or limiting participation.  Mertic added that a Linux Foundation sign-on process for meetings provides some visibility.

Andrea Orth inquired about the timeframe for addressing reported incidents.  Mertic suggested a typical response time of around 3 business days for initial investigation and due diligence.  Mertic added that the process involves Linux Foundation staff, potentially Linux Foundation Counsel or external Code of Conduct counsel, and then a private session with the TAC to align on the response.  Mertic added that Linux Foundation staff would execute the enforcement on behalf of the TAC to avoid personal awkwardness and a public Code of Conduct incident report would be posted (e.g., on the webpage or TAC repo) summarizing the incident, violation, and committee action without identifying individuals.
