---
parent: Meetings
title: "2025-02-27"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - February 27, 2025

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/28RAh7R5I5EfHRWm1_CJB9kB9LNVT0dgk06z_zpgZbpX2xWlQX1Wj7j0InNDmYqOJmEV3_DotXP3tHYb.7OUavp2MHS6gJkYw?accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FsDcvylvFcCByrTCxDarw-MhxScf_gSSMPqugRXAT8KqCyUAYGR0HvQkviwWiqxID.xKV_SjOVk0PTu2Yw).

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

Quorum Not Achieved.

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Phil Tully - Citi
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative

## Other attendees

* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc.

# Agenda

* Strategy Session [[#763](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=95733699&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C763)]

# Notes

## Strategy Session

### Brainstorm

* Mentorship Program
    * Can we expand it?
    * Can we participate in Google Summer of Code
    * Current challenges for the Mentorship program
        * Funding
        * Project participation
* Mainframe Infrastructure
    * Standing up the Open Mainframe Project’s mainframe
    * Current challenges for the Mainframe Infrastructure
        * Collaboration with Marist College
        * Funding
* Mainframe Education
    * Can we provide more education for administrators?
    * Is there an audience for cybersecurity training/educational content?
* AI
    * Can we use our existing documentation to train an AI chatbot?
        * Zowe
        * GenevaERS
    * Would companies be interested in donating data to an ethical AI training initiative?
* Current Projects
    * What can we do to level-up our existing projects?
        * Measure current input and output
        * Identify challenges and potential existing solutions
    * Directory of Experts / Subject-Matter Experts
        * Identifying areas of expertise with the Open Mainframe Project
    * How can we move projects out of the incubation stage?
* Software Bill of Materials (SBOMs)
* Increasing Communication and Collaboration
