---
parent: Meetings
title: "2025-04-24"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - April 24, 2025

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

A recording of the meeting and the transcript are both available at the link below:

[Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/hhyRxa9kVmNYiuCySvPriXarEGWph0udgDFIDVRvsqIkvIgnkg4mXPFv2xYwr45NsjPdBWB09Tw3cuvi.8gB1xRFHNKFQJsrY?accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2F8wlVr7pYnS4cKA38FBmoOYRYOFvvrgyadAnYkd6JQF5mTfTcLcFCPvihzhxdfTsM.2dh8SWEB-0bRYsQs).

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation

Quorum Not Achieved.

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Sudharsana Srinivasan - COBOL Programming Course Representative
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Gregory MacKinnon - Broadcom Corporation
* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Mike Friesenegger - Feilong Representative
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

## Other attendees

* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat, Inc
* Louisa Seers, International Business Machines Corporation
* Aaron Kippins, International Business Machines Corporation
* Donna Hudi, Phoenix Software International
* Cam Seay, East Carolina University
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation
* Sumana Sree

# Agenda

* Galasa Annual Review [[#584](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=43110699&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C584)]
* Create process for reporting conduct and tool usage violations [[#832](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=107815119&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C832)]
* z/VM Community Tools [[#454](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=28234149&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C454)]
* COBOL Check [[#578](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=42386613&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C578)]
* Strategy Session [[#763](https://github.com/orgs/openmainframeproject/projects/21/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=95733699&issue=openmainframeproject%7Ctac%7C763)]

# Notes

## General Updates

* IBM TechXchange 2025
    * On October 6, Open Mainframe Project is holding Community Day.
        * The CFP will begin next week.
* John Mertic suggested eliminating the formal vote to renew projects as part of the annual review process.  Mertic will submit a PR with the proposal.

## Galasa Annual Review

* Louisa Seers presented the Galasa Annual Review.
* A renewal vote will take place offline in LFX

## z/VM Community Tools and COBOL Check

Mertic reported that the z/VM Community Tools and COBOL Check projects are in need of new leadership.  Seay offered to help find leaders.

## Strategy Session

Mertic presented the top priority items from the TAC strategy sessions:

1. Stand up the Mainframe Infrastructure
2. Develop a directory of Experts / Subject-Matter Experts and identify areas of expertise with the Open Mainframe Project
3. Developing an AI chatbot for project documentation
4. Start a mainframe industry group on using/promoting Software Bill of Materials (SBOMs)

Cam Seay volunteered to lead the directory of experts deliverable.

## Create process for reporting conduct and tool usage violations

Mertic will draft a sample code of conduct and present it to the TAC.
