---
parent: Meetings
title: "2026-03-12"
---

# Open Mainframe Project TAC Meeting - March 12, 2026

All meetings are listed on the Open Mainframe Project calendar at [https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar,](https://lists.openmainframeproject.org/calendar) subject to the mailing lists to which you are subscribed.

## Conference call details

Meetings are hosted on the LFX Meeting Management platform. More details on how to register are at [https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings.](https://tac.openmainframeproject.org/meetings)

## Meeting Recording

[Meeting Recording](https://zoom.us/rec/play/wor_o-u8PlNWB5VRMxBCyR6mNUdV5Y-tgufC7B7--zdXPLkCo0ebjR1hiQytykTut_KnJfI7rAYtNoiW.lxQ37iXXImmTOiWK?eagerLoadZvaPages=sidemenu.billing.plan_management&accessLevel=meeting&canPlayFromShare=true&from=share_recording_detail&continueMode=true&componentName=rec-play&originRequestUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fzoom.us%2Frec%2Fshare%2FzSTRcMPsXAzKLNiUZXBpgqWE7t7Xj_K8Ql1lfBAfMZIiv3bJv-yhKze3afkuPRCx.mazOk0pimSeUoQW9)

# Attendance

## Voting Member Attendance

* Mike Friesenegger - Industry Representative (**Chair**)
* Joe Bostian - International Business Machines Corporation
* Sean Grady - Zowe Representative

Quorum Not Achieved.

## Voting Members Not in Attendance

* Giancarlo Frix - Rocket Software
* Phil Tully - Citi
* Lauren Valenti - Open Mainframe Education Representative
* Andrea Orth - GenevaERS Representative
* Dan Kelosky - Broadcom Corporation
* Mark Bylok - COBOL Programming Course Representative

## Other attendees

* Tom Slanda, The Linux Foundation
* John Mertic, The Linux Foundation
* Daniel Horak, Red Hat LLC
* Jeff Brown, z/VM Community Tools
* Michael MacIsaac
* Elizabeth Joseph, International Business Machines Corporation
* Len Santalucia, Pellera

# Agenda

* TAC Strategy Session [[#763](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/763)]
* Mainframe infrastructure coming online status [[#596](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/596)]
* Security Advisory: Active Exploitation of Weak GitHub Actions Configurations [[#995](https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tac/issues/995)]
* Outstanding Votes

# Notes

## TAC Strategy Session

Tom Slanda presented the two strategic objectives that were paused in September 2025.  Discussion ensued, and the group decided to abandon the AI Chatbot for Open Mainframe Project Documentation strategic initiative.

## Mainframe infrastructure coming online status

John Mertic provided a status update on the effort to stand up project infrastructure.  Metric said most of the agreement structure with IBM is finalized.  Metric added that projects that have requested resources (such as Feilong and Zelma) are currently in the queue.  Metric said the team will focus on getting the "first wave" of projects online before making a larger public announcement. Mike Friesenegger will reach out to IBM contacts regarding the specific build status for Feilong.

## Security Advisory: Active Exploitation of Weak GitHub Actions Configurations

Mertic presented a recent security advisory from the OpenSSF regarding GitHub Actions.  Slanda will send the information to the technical leads mailing list.

## Outstanding Votes

Friesnegger requested all voting members to cast their votes for AI Dataset Health for z/OS Project Approval
