# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - September 28, 2017

## Attendance

### Attendees:

  * John Mertic, Linux Foundation
  * Emily Hugenbruch, IBM *
  * Mark Post, SUSE *
  * Phil Tully, ADP *
  * James Caffrey, IBM * 
  * Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associates
  * Vincent Terrone, William Patterson University
  * Allen Zander, DataKinetics
  * Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
  * Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity

### Voting members not in attendance:

  * Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
  * Dale Hoffman, IBM * 
  * Marcel Mitran, IBM

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

  * TSC Projects updates
    * ADE
    * Internship
    * Cloudstack on z/VM
  * Review interest in DataKinetics proposal
  * Alignment with Linux on Z open source team ( https://github.com/linux-on-ibm-z )

### TSC Project updates

#### ADE

Shared via email by Mr. Caffery:

"I'm working on a new release of ADE 1.0.4 to integrate a number of fixes to test programs that have been provided by the community.  The code has been moved to develop branch and I am doing a install test on the final package before moving it to master.

It continues to get a reasonable number of people looking at the repro (10 to 30 people every two weeks)."

#### Cloudstack on z/VM


#### Internship


### Review interest in DataKinetics proposal


### Alignment with Linux on Z open source team ( https://github.com/linux-on-ibm-z )

### Meeting Cadence 

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for December 14th, 2017 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment 

Mr. Mertic closed the meeting at 1:39pm Eastern Time.
