# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - February 8, 2018

## Attendance

### Attendees:

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Phil Tully, ADP *
* Dale Hoffman, IBM *
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
* Ingo Adlung, IBM
* Barton Robinson, Velocity Software
* Shashank
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Dave Jones
* Jain Yash
* Neale Ferguson, Sine Nomine Associate
* Usman Haider
* Frank Heimes, Canoncial

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE *
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP *
* James Caffrey, IBM *
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
* Vincent Terrone, AIG *

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Internship updates
* Cloudstack updates
* ADE Updates
* TSC Chair transition
* Sponsoring VM Workshop
* Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

### Internship updates

Mr. Dahlberg indicated that there were 47 applicants, and that after the call for proposals closes on 2/15 he will engage mentors to start going through applications and dividing up the reviews based upon projects applied for.

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Tully indicated that the group is determining what each person in the group wants out of the project. Ji Chen from IBM will be presenting the updated cloud connector during tomorrow's call.

### ADE Updates

No update. Will ask to have him send an update via email.

### TSC Chair transition

Mr. Tully indicated that he has limited bandwidth for serving as chairperson, and asked if anyone else who is a voting TSC member would be interested in taking the chairperson role or being a co-chairperson with him. Nobody came forward with interest.

### Sponsoring VM Workshop

Mr. Mertic indicated that marketing committee has decided to pass the question of sponsoring VM Workshop 2018 to the TSC, as they felt it was more of a community event. All in attendance generally agreed, however since there isn't wasn't a quorum Mr. Mertic said he would take the vote over email.

### Moving http://linuxvm.org/ to be hosted under OMP GitHub

Mr. Tully said he would be working with Mark Post to review content and come up with a plan to bring what is relevant over to the Open Mainframe Project Github site.

### Other business

Mr. Tully mentioned that there has been discussion on the ODSL infrastructure hosted by Marist, with the Open Mainframe Project taking over from the Linux Foundation to project manage the program. There was some discussion of the projects using the infrastructure and what they are provided. Mr. Mertic indicated that he would hold a call later this month with those interested to review the program for projects to engage.

Mr. Ferguson mentioned that Clef OS is an official Docker image. Mr. Mertic asked him to share with the group and that the project could promote this.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for March 8th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 1:44pm Eastern Time.
