# Open Mainframe Project TSC Meeting - January 11, 2018

## Attendance

### Attendees:

* John Mertic, Linux Foundation
* Phil Tully, ADP *
* Mike Friesenegger, SUSE
* Jain Yash
* Ingo Adlung, IBM
* Len Santalucia, Vicom Infinity
* David Edelsohn, IBM
* Tuan Hoang
* Ariadinny Braz

### Voting members not in attendance:

* Mark Post, SUSE *
* Mike MacIsaac, ADP *
* James Caffrey, IBM *
* Bob Dahlberg, VCU *
* Gregory MacKinnon, CA Technologies *
* Sam D'Angelo, AIG *
* Dale Hoffman, IBM *

## Notes

Mr. Mertic opened the meeting at 1:06pm ET. Mr. Mertic presented the following agenda for the meeting:

* Cloudstack updates
* Internship updates
* ADE Updates
* Other business

### Cloudstack updates

Mr. Tully indicated there has been some progress, getting access to LPARs to do some testing ( thanks to Len and Vicom Infinity ). Discussion has been around packages and build server processes, but slow because of the holidays. Next meeting is 2018-01-19. Mr. Friesenegger added that he would be demostating how OpenStack works with CMA during that meeting.

Mr. Santalucia said he connected with Chen at the IBM China team working on thier drivers and shared the email from him. Discussion ensued on the lack of documentation for this open source project.

### Internship updates

Mr. Mertic said we've had 26 applications for the internship program. There was also discussion on helping interns with thier proposals, and Mr. Mertic proposed adding a Discourse section for this. Mr. Santalucia also volunteered to hold a teleconference for all the intern applicants, which Mr. Mertic agreed to help coordinate.

Mr. Adlung asked for details on how to apply for the program. Mr. Mertic shared the following two links for applicants as well as proposing projects for interns to consider.

https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/projects/internship.md
https://github.com/openmainframeproject/tsc/blob/master/proposed.md

### ADE Updates

No update.

### Other business

Mr. Tully brought up the discussion on Alpine Linux, namely funding Tuan Hoang and providing him hardware. Mr. Santalucia indicated that Marist would be able to provide the infrastructure and that his work will be considered for the summer internship program.

### Meeting Cadence

The next meeting of the TSC was scheduled for February 8th, 2018 at 1:00pm Eastern Time.

### Adjournment

Mr. Tully closed the meeting at 1:41pm Eastern Time.
